FIELDS
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/fancyStyling field_96303_A
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/controlString field_96304_B
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/colorIndex field_175747_C
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/$VALUES D
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BLACK a
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_BLUE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_GREEN c
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_AQUA d
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_RED e
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_PURPLE f
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GOLD g
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GRAY h
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_GRAY i
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BLUE j
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GREEN k
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/AQUA l
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/RED m
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/LIGHT_PURPLE n
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/YELLOW o
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/WHITE p
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/OBFUSCATED q
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BOLD r
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/STRIKETHROUGH s
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/UNDERLINE t
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/ITALIC u
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/RESET v
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/nameMapping field_96331_x
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/formattingCodePattern field_96330_y
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/name field_175748_y
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/formattingCode field_96329_z
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/leaves field_150940_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/behaviourDefaultDispenseItem field_96465_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/dispenserMinecartBehavior field_96602_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/minecartType field_77841_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/field_179542_a field_179542_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/theBlock field_179227_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/nameFunction field_179228_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/EFFECTIVE_ON field_150915_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/effectCache field_77836_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/SUB_ITEMS_CACHE field_77835_b
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/COMMON a
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/UNCOMMON b
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/RARE c
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/EPIC d
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/rarityColor field_77937_e
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/rarityName field_77934_f
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/recordName field_150929_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/RECORDS field_150928_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/crops field_150908_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/soilId field_82809_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/crops field_150925_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/soilBlockID field_77838_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade/EFFECTIVE_ON field_150916_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/skullTypes field_82807_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/singleSlab field_150949_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/doubleSlab field_179226_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/attackDamage field_150934_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/material field_150933_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/coloredBlock field_150944_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/subtypeNames field_150945_c
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/NONE a
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/EAT b
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/DRINK c
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/BLOCK d
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/BOW e
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/unusedString field_77924_a
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/sugarEffect field_77922_b
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/ghastTearEffect field_77923_c
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/spiderEyeEffect field_77920_d
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/fermentedSpiderEyeEffect field_77921_e
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/speckledMelonEffect field_77918_f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/blazePowderEffect field_77919_g
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/magmaCreamEffect field_77931_h
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/redstoneEffect field_77932_i
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/glowstoneEffect field_77929_j
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/gunpowderEffect field_77930_k
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/goldenCarrotEffect field_82818_l
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/pufferfishEffect field_151423_m
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/rabbitFootEffect field_179538_n
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionRequirements field_179539_o
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionAmplifiers field_179540_p
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/DATAVALUE_COLORS field_77925_n
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionPrefixes field_77926_o
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/recipePatterns field_77611_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/recipeItems field_77610_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/field_92102_a field_92102_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/smeltingBase field_77606_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/smeltingList field_77604_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/experienceList field_77605_c
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots/recipeItems field_77591_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/field_77582_a field_77582_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/instance field_77598_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/recipes field_77597_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeWidth field_77576_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeHeight field_77577_c
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeItems field_77574_d
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeOutput field_77575_e
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/copyIngredientNBT field_92101_f
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/recipeOutput field_77580_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/recipeItems field_77579_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/recipePatterns field_77588_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/recipeItems field_77587_b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/recipePatterns field_77585_a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/recipeItems field_77584_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/protectionName field_77359_A
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/baseEnchantability field_77360_B
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/levelEnchantability field_77362_C
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/thresholdEnchantability field_77358_D
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/damageType field_77361_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/lure field_151369_A
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/effectId field_77352_x
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/type field_77351_y
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/name field_77350_z
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/locationEnchantments field_180307_E
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/weight field_77333_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/enchantmentsList field_180311_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/enchantmentsBookList field_77331_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/protection field_180310_c
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fireProtection field_77329_d
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/featherFalling field_180309_e
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/blastProtection field_77327_f
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/projectileProtection field_180308_g
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/respiration field_180317_h
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/aquaAffinity field_77341_i
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/thorns field_92091_k
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/depthStrider field_180316_k
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/sharpness field_180314_l
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/smite field_180315_m
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/baneOfArthropods field_180312_n
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/knockback field_180313_o
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fireAspect field_77334_n
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/looting field_77335_o
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/efficiency field_77349_p
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/silkTouch field_77348_q
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/unbreaking field_77347_r
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fortune field_77346_s
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/power field_77345_t
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/punch field_77344_u
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/flame field_77343_v
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/infinity field_77342_w
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/luckOfTheSea field_151370_z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ALL a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_FEET c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_LEGS d
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_TORSO e
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_HEAD f
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/WEAPON g
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/DIGGER h
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/FISHING_ROD i
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/BREAKABLE j
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/BOW k
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/user field_151366_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/target field_151365_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/user field_151364_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/attacker field_151363_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/livingModifier field_77495_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/entityLiving field_77494_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/damageModifier field_77497_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/source field_77496_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentRand field_77522_a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentModifierDamage field_77520_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentModifierLiving field_77521_c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_HURT field_151388_d
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_DAMAGE field_151389_e
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData/enchantmentobj field_76302_b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData/enchantmentLevel field_76303_c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/protectionName field_77354_A
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/baseEnchantability field_77355_B
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/levelEnchantability field_77357_C
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/thresholdEnchantability field_77353_D
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/protectionType field_77356_a
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/itemToBuy field_77403_a
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/secondItemToBuy field_77401_b
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/itemToSell field_77402_c
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/toolUses field_77400_d
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/maxTradeUses field_82786_e
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/rewardsExp field_180323_f
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174804_a field_174804_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174802_b field_174802_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174803_c field_174803_c
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174800_d field_174800_d
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174801_e field_174801_e
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174798_f field_174798_f
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174799_g field_174799_g
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/field_180325_a field_180325_a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/field_180327_a field_180327_a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/timestampFormat field_145766_a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/successCount field_145764_b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/trackOutput field_145765_c
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/lastOutput field_145762_d
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/commandStored field_145763_e
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/customName field_145761_f
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/resultStats field_175575_g
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/field_98221_d field_98221_d
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/nbtData field_98222_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/entityType field_98223_c
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnDelay field_98286_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/mobID field_98288_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/minecartToSpawn field_98285_e
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/randomEntity field_98282_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/mobRotation field_98287_c
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/prevMobRotation field_98284_d
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/minSpawnDelay field_98283_g
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/maxSpawnDelay field_98293_h
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnCount field_98294_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/cachedEntity field_98291_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/maxNearbyEntities field_98292_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/activatingRangeFromPlayer field_98289_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnRange field_98290_m
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/position field_180329_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/blockType field_151344_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/eventID field_151345_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/eventParameter field_151343_f
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/SOLID a
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/CUTOUT_MIPPED b
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/CUTOUT c
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/TRANSLUCENT d
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/layerName field_180338_e
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkXPos field_77276_a
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkZPos field_77275_b
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/isFlaming field_77286_a
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/isSmoking field_82755_b
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionRNG field_77290_i
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/worldObj field_77287_j
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionX field_77284_b
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionY field_77285_c
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionZ field_77282_d
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/exploder field_77283_e
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionSize field_77280_f
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/affectedBlockPositions field_77281_g
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/playerKnockbackMap field_77288_k
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/foliageBuffer field_77471_a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueString field_82762_a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueBoolean field_82760_b
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueInteger field_82761_c
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueDouble field_82759_d
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/type field_180256_e
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/ANY_VALUE a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/BOOLEAN_VALUE b
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/NUMERICAL_VALUE c
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/theGameRules field_82771_a
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/grassBuffer field_77481_a
net/minecraft/world/World$1/field_180253_a field_180253_a
net/minecraft/world/World$1/field_77485_a field_77485_a
net/minecraft/world/World$2/field_151300_a field_151300_a
net/minecraft/world/World$2/field_77405_a field_77405_a
net/minecraft/world/World$3/field_77440_a field_77440_a
net/minecraft/world/World$4/field_151308_a field_151308_a
net/minecraft/world/World/villageCollectionObj field_72982_D
net/minecraft/world/World/theProfiler field_72984_F
net/minecraft/world/World/worldScoreboard field_96442_D
net/minecraft/world/World/isRemote field_72995_K
net/minecraft/world/World/activeChunkSet field_72993_I
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnHostileMobs field_72985_G
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnPeacefulMobs field_72992_H
net/minecraft/world/World/lightUpdateBlockList field_72994_J
net/minecraft/world/World/skylightSubtracted field_73008_k
net/minecraft/world/World/lastLightningBolt field_73016_r
net/minecraft/world/World/theCalendar field_83016_L
net/minecraft/world/World/ambientTickCountdown field_72990_M
net/minecraft/world/World/processingLoadedTiles field_147481_N
net/minecraft/world/World/worldBorder field_175728_M
net/minecraft/world/World/seaLevel field_181546_a
net/minecraft/world/World/addedTileEntityList field_147484_a
net/minecraft/world/World/tileEntitiesToBeRemoved field_147483_b
net/minecraft/world/World/cloudColour field_73001_c
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduledUpdatesAreImmediate field_72999_e
net/minecraft/world/World/loadedEntityList field_72996_f
net/minecraft/world/World/unloadedEntityList field_72997_g
net/minecraft/world/World/loadedTileEntityList field_147482_g
net/minecraft/world/World/tickableTileEntities field_175730_i
net/minecraft/world/World/playerEntities field_73010_i
net/minecraft/world/World/weatherEffects field_73007_j
net/minecraft/world/World/entitiesById field_175729_l
net/minecraft/world/World/updateLCG field_73005_l
net/minecraft/world/World/DIST_HASH_MAGIC field_73006_m
net/minecraft/world/World/prevRainingStrength field_73003_n
net/minecraft/world/World/rainingStrength field_73004_o
net/minecraft/world/World/prevThunderingStrength field_73018_p
net/minecraft/world/World/thunderingStrength field_73017_q
net/minecraft/world/World/rand field_73012_v
net/minecraft/world/World/provider field_73011_w
net/minecraft/world/World/worldAccesses field_73021_x
net/minecraft/world/World/chunkProvider field_73020_y
net/minecraft/world/World/saveHandler field_73019_z
net/minecraft/world/World/worldInfo field_72986_A
net/minecraft/world/World/findingSpawnPoint field_72987_B
net/minecraft/world/World/mapStorage field_72988_C
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/NOT_SET a
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/SURVIVAL b
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/CREATIVE c
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/ADVENTURE d
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/SPECTATOR e
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/id field_77154_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/name field_77151_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/seed field_77174_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/theGameType field_77172_b
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/mapFeaturesEnabled field_77173_c
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/hardcoreEnabled field_77170_d
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/terrainType field_77171_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/commandsAllowed field_77168_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/bonusChestEnabled field_77169_g
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/worldName field_82751_h
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldTypes field_77139_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEFAULT field_77137_b
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/FLAT field_77138_c
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/LARGE_BIOMES field_77135_d
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/AMPLIFIED field_151360_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/CUSTOMIZED field_180271_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEBUG_WORLD field_180272_g
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEFAULT_1_1 field_77136_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldTypeId field_82748_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldType field_77133_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/generatorVersion field_77134_g
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/canBeCreated field_77140_h
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/isWorldTypeVersioned field_77141_i
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/hasNotificationData field_151361_l
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/SKY a
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/BLOCK b
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/defaultLightValue field_77198_c
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/MOB_COUNT_DIV field_180268_a
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/eligibleChunksForSpawning field_77193_b
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter$PortalPosition/lastUpdateTime field_85087_d
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter$PortalPosition/field_85088_e field_85088_e
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/worldServerInstance field_85192_a
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/random field_77187_a
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/destinationCoordinateCache field_85191_c
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/destinationCoordinateKeys field_85190_d
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkX field_72818_a
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkZ field_72816_b
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkArray field_72817_c
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/hasExtendedLevels field_72814_d
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/worldObj field_72815_e
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/position field_180282_a
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/scheduledTime field_77180_e
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/priority field_82754_f
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/nextTickEntryID field_77177_f
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/block field_151352_g
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/tickEntryID field_77178_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$1/field_180275_a field_180275_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/rootHeight field_150777_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/variation field_150776_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/OCEAN a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/COLD b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/MEDIUM c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/WARM d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/entityClass field_76300_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/minGroupCount field_76301_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/maxGroupCount field_76299_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/frozenRiver field_76777_m
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/icePlains field_76774_n
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/iceMountains field_76775_o
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mushroomIsland field_76789_p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mushroomIslandShore field_76788_q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/beach field_76787_r
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/desertHills field_76786_s
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/forestHills field_76785_t
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/taigaHills field_76784_u
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHillsEdge field_76783_v
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungle field_76782_w
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungleHills field_76792_x
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungleEdge field_150574_L
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/deepOcean field_150575_M
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/stoneBeach field_150576_N
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldBeach field_150577_O
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/birchForest field_150583_P
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/birchForestHills field_150582_Q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/roofedForest field_150585_R
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldTaiga field_150584_S
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldTaigaHills field_150579_T
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/megaTaiga field_150578_U
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/megaTaigaHills field_150581_V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHillsPlus field_150580_W
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/savanna field_150588_X
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/savannaPlateau field_150587_Y
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Default field_150596_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorTrees field_76757_N
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorBigTree field_76758_O
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorSwamp field_76763_Q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/logger field_150586_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeList field_76773_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesa field_150589_Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesaPlateau_F field_150607_aa
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesaPlateau field_150608_ab
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/field_180279_ad field_180279_ad
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/temperatureNoise field_150605_ac
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/GRASS_COLOR_NOISE field_180281_af
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/DOUBLE_PLANT_GENERATOR field_180280_ag
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeName field_76791_y
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/color field_76790_z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/field_150609_ah field_150609_ah
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/topBlock field_76752_A
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/fillerBlock field_76753_B
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/fillerBlockMetadata field_76754_C
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/minHeight field_76748_D
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/maxHeight field_76749_E
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/temperature field_76750_F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/rainfall field_76751_G
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/waterColorMultiplier field_76759_H
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/theBiomeDecorator field_76760_I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableMonsterList field_76761_J
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableCreatureList field_76762_K
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableWaterCreatureList field_76755_L
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableCaveCreatureList field_82914_M
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/enableSnow field_76766_R
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/enableRain field_76765_S
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeID field_76756_M
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_ShallowWaters field_150594_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Oceans field_150595_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_DeepOceans field_150592_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowPlains field_150593_e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_MidPlains field_150590_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowHills field_150591_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_HighPlateaus field_150602_h
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_MidHills field_150603_i
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Shores field_150600_j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_RockyWaters field_150601_k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowIslands field_150598_l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_PartiallySubmerged field_150599_m
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/explorationBiomesList field_150597_n
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/BIOME_ID_MAP field_180278_o
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/ocean field_76771_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/plains field_76772_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/desert field_76769_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHills field_76770_e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/forest field_76767_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/taiga field_76768_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/swampland field_76780_h
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/river field_76781_i
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/hell field_76778_j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/sky field_76779_k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/frozenOcean field_76776_l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/rainfallValues field_76890_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/biomes field_76891_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/xPosition field_76888_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/zPosition field_76889_e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/lastAccessTime field_76886_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/field_76887_g field_76887_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/chunkManager field_76844_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/lastCleanupTime field_76842_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cacheMap field_76843_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cache field_76841_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/GRASS_COLOR field_180291_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/FOLIAGE_COLOR field_180289_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/WATER_COLOR_MULTIPLIER field_180290_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/treesPerChunk field_76832_z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/flowersPerChunk field_76802_A
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/grassPerChunk field_76803_B
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/deadBushPerChunk field_76804_C
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomsPerChunk field_76798_D
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/reedsPerChunk field_76799_E
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/cactiPerChunk field_76800_F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandPerChunk field_76801_G
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandPerChunk2 field_76805_H
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/clayPerChunk field_76806_I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/bigMushroomsPerChunk field_76807_J
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/generateLakes field_76808_K
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/currentWorld field_76815_a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/randomGenerator field_76813_b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/field_180294_c field_180294_c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/chunkProviderSettings field_180293_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/clayGen field_76809_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandGen field_76810_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/gravelAsSandGen field_76822_h
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/dirtGen field_76823_i
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/gravelGen field_76820_j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/graniteGen field_180296_j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/dioriteGen field_180297_k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/andesiteGen field_180295_l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/coalGen field_76821_k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/ironGen field_76818_l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/goldGen field_76819_m
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/redstoneGen field_180299_p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/diamondGen field_180298_q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/lapisGen field_76831_p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/yellowFlowerGen field_150514_p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomBrownGen field_76828_s
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomRedGen field_76827_t
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/bigMushroomGen field_76826_u
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/reedGen field_76825_v
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/cactusGen field_76824_w
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/waterlilyGen field_76834_x
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/waterlilyPerChunk field_76833_y
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/genBiomes field_76944_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomeIndexLayer field_76945_e
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomeCache field_76942_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomesToSpawnIn field_76943_g
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/generatorOptions field_180301_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/theWorldGenerator field_82915_S
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150634_aD field_150634_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150635_aE field_150635_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150636_aF field_150636_aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150637_aG field_150637_aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150638_aH field_150638_aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/biomeGenerator field_76947_d
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/rainfall field_76946_f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$2/field_150612_aC field_150612_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$1/field_150613_aC field_150613_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150629_aC field_150629_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150630_aD field_150630_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150631_aE field_150631_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150632_aF field_150632_aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150615_aC field_150615_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150616_aD field_150616_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150617_aE field_150617_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_150614_aC field_150614_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181620_aE field_181620_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181621_aF field_181621_aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181622_aG field_181622_aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150621_aC field_150621_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150622_aD field_150622_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150623_aE field_150623_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150624_aF field_150624_aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150625_aG field_150625_aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150626_aH field_150626_aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150620_aI field_150620_aI
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/baseBiome field_150611_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/field_150628_aC field_150628_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/field_150627_aC field_150627_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150639_aC field_150639_aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150640_aD field_150640_aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150641_aE field_150641_aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150642_aF field_150642_aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150643_aG field_150643_aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150644_aH field_150644_aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator/spikeGen field_76835_L
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/world field_175130_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/position field_175129_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/FACING field_176506_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/DAMAGE field_176505_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$1/field_180370_a field_180370_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/FACING field_176449_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/ROTATION field_176448_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$1/field_180371_a field_180371_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/field_150662_a field_150662_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/world field_150660_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/pos field_180367_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/block field_180365_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/state field_180366_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/isPowered field_150656_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/field_150657_g field_150657_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_SOUTH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/EAST_WEST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_EAST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_WEST d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_NORTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_SOUTH f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/SOUTH_EAST g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/SOUTH_WEST h
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_WEST i
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_EAST j
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/META_LOOKUP field_177030_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/meta field_177027_l
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/name field_177028_m
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isPowered field_150053_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/field_180369_a field_180369_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/field_180368_b field_180368_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/field_180358_a field_180358_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/field_180357_b field_180357_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/HEAD a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/FOOT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/name field_177036_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/PART field_176472_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/OCCUPIED field_176471_b
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/NONE a
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/XZ b
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/XYZ c
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/soundName field_150501_a
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/volume field_150499_b
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/frequency field_150500_c
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockContainer field_149758_A
net/minecraft/block/Block/minX field_149759_B
net/minecraft/block/Block/minY field_149760_C
net/minecraft/block/Block/minZ field_149754_D
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxX field_149755_E
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxY field_149756_F
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxZ field_149757_G
net/minecraft/block/Block/stepSound field_149762_H
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockParticleGravity field_149763_I
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockMaterial field_149764_J
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockMapColor field_181083_K
net/minecraft/block/Block/slipperiness field_149765_K
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockState field_176227_L
net/minecraft/block/Block/defaultBlockState field_176228_M
net/minecraft/block/Block/unlocalizedName field_149770_b
net/minecraft/block/Block/AIR_ID field_176230_a
net/minecraft/block/Block/displayOnCreativeTab field_149772_a
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockRegistry field_149771_c
net/minecraft/block/Block/BLOCK_STATE_IDS field_176229_d
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeStone field_149769_e
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeWood field_149766_f
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGravel field_149767_g
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGrass field_149779_h
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypePiston field_149780_i
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeMetal field_149777_j
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGlass field_149778_k
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeCloth field_149775_l
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeSand field_149776_m
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeSnow field_149773_n
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeLadder field_149774_o
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeAnvil field_149788_p
net/minecraft/block/Block/SLIME_SOUND field_176231_q
net/minecraft/block/Block/fullBlock field_149787_q
net/minecraft/block/Block/lightOpacity field_149786_r
net/minecraft/block/Block/translucent field_149785_s
net/minecraft/block/Block/lightValue field_149784_t
net/minecraft/block/Block/useNeighborBrightness field_149783_u
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockHardness field_149782_v
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockResistance field_149781_w
net/minecraft/block/Block/enableStats field_149790_y
net/minecraft/block/Block/needsRandomTick field_149789_z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sandstone field_150322_A
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/noteblock field_150323_B
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bed field_150324_C
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/golden_rail field_150318_D
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/detector_rail field_150319_E
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sticky_piston field_150320_F
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/web field_150321_G
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tallgrass field_150329_H
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/deadbush field_150330_I
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston field_150331_J
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston_head field_150332_K
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wool field_150325_L
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston_extension field_180384_M
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/yellow_flower field_150327_N
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_flower field_150328_O
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brown_mushroom field_150338_P
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_mushroom field_150337_Q
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gold_block field_150340_R
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_block field_150339_S
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_stone_slab field_150334_T
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_slab field_150333_U
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brick_block field_150336_V
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tnt field_150335_W
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bookshelf field_150342_X
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mossy_cobblestone field_150341_Y
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/obsidian field_150343_Z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/air field_150350_a
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_door field_150454_av
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_pressure_plate field_150452_aw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_ore field_150450_ax
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_redstone_ore field_150439_ay
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unlit_redstone_torch field_150437_az
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_torch field_150429_aA
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_button field_150430_aB
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/snow_layer field_150431_aC
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ice field_150432_aD
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/snow field_150433_aE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cactus field_150434_aF
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/clay field_150435_aG
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/reeds field_150436_aH
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jukebox field_150421_aI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_fence field_180407_aO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_fence field_180408_aP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_fence field_180404_aQ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_fence field_180403_aR
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_fence field_180406_aS
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_fence field_180405_aT
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/pumpkin field_150423_aK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/netherrack field_150424_aL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/soul_sand field_150425_aM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glowstone field_150426_aN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/portal field_150427_aO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_pumpkin field_150428_aP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/torch field_150478_aa
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/fire field_150480_ab
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mob_spawner field_150474_ac
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_stairs field_150476_ad
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/chest field_150486_ae
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_wire field_150488_af
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/diamond_ore field_150482_ag
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/diamond_block field_150484_ah
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/crafting_table field_150462_ai
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wheat field_150464_aj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/farmland field_150458_ak
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/furnace field_150460_al
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_furnace field_150470_am
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/standing_sign field_150472_an
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_door field_180413_ao
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_door field_180414_ap
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_door field_180412_aq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_door field_180411_ar
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_door field_180410_as
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_door field_180409_at
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ladder field_150468_ap
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/rail field_150448_aq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_stairs field_150446_ar
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wall_sign field_150444_as
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lever field_150442_at
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_pressure_plate field_150456_au
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone field_150348_b
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick_stairs field_150387_bl
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_wart field_150388_bm
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/enchanting_table field_150381_bn
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brewing_stand field_150382_bo
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cauldron field_150383_bp
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_portal field_150384_bq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_portal_frame field_150378_br
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_stone field_150377_bs
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dragon_egg field_150380_bt
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_lamp field_150379_bu
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_redstone_lamp field_150374_bv
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_wooden_slab field_150373_bw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_slab field_150376_bx
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cocoa field_150375_by
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sandstone_stairs field_150372_bz
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/emerald_ore field_150412_bA
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ender_chest field_150477_bB
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tripwire_hook field_150479_bC
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tripwire field_150473_bD
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/emerald_block field_150475_bE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_stairs field_150485_bF
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_stairs field_150487_bG
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_stairs field_150481_bH
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/command_block field_150483_bI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/beacon field_150461_bJ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cobblestone_wall field_150463_bK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cake field_150414_aQ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unpowered_repeater field_150413_aR
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/powered_repeater field_150416_aS
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/trapdoor field_150415_aT
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/monster_egg field_150418_aU
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stonebrick field_150417_aV
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brown_mushroom_block field_150420_aW
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_mushroom_block field_150419_aX
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_bars field_150411_aY
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glass_pane field_150410_aZ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/melon_block field_150440_ba
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/pumpkin_stem field_150393_bb
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/melon_stem field_150394_bc
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/vine field_150395_bd
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_fence_gate field_180390_bo
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_fence_gate field_180391_bp
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_fence_gate field_180392_bq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_fence_gate field_180386_br
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_fence_gate field_180385_bs
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_fence_gate field_180387_bt
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brick_stairs field_150389_bf
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_brick_stairs field_150390_bg
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mycelium field_150391_bh
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/waterlily field_150392_bi
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick field_150385_bj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick_fence field_150386_bk
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/grass field_150349_c
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/coal_block field_150402_ci
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/packed_ice field_150403_cj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_stairs field_150400_ck
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_stairs field_150401_cl
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/slime_block field_180399_cE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_plant field_150398_cm
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_glass field_150399_cn
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_glass_pane field_150397_co
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/prismarine field_180397_cI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sea_lantern field_180398_cJ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/standing_banner field_180393_cK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wall_banner field_180394_cL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_sandstone field_180395_cM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_sandstone_stairs field_180396_cN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_stone_slab2 field_180388_cO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_slab2 field_180389_cP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flower_pot field_150457_bL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/carrots field_150459_bM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/potatoes field_150469_bN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_button field_150471_bO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/skull field_150465_bP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/anvil field_150467_bQ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/trapped_chest field_150447_bR
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/light_weighted_pressure_plate field_150445_bS
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate field_150443_bT
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unpowered_comparator field_150441_bU
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/powered_comparator field_150455_bV
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/daylight_detector field_150453_bW
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/daylight_detector_inverted field_180402_cm
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_block field_150451_bX
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_ore field_150449_bY
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hopper field_150438_bZ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_block field_150371_ca
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_stairs field_150370_cb
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/activator_rail field_150408_cc
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dropper field_150409_cd
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_hardened_clay field_150406_ce
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/barrier field_180401_cv
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_trapdoor field_180400_cw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hay_block field_150407_cf
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/carpet field_150404_cg
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hardened_clay field_150405_ch
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dirt field_150346_d
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cobblestone field_150347_e
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/planks field_150344_f
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sapling field_150345_g
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bedrock field_150357_h
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flowing_water field_150358_i
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/water field_150355_j
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flowing_lava field_150356_k
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lava field_150353_l
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sand field_150354_m
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gravel field_150351_n
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gold_ore field_150352_o
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_ore field_150366_p
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/coal_ore field_150365_q
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/log field_150364_r
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/log2 field_150363_s
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/leaves field_150362_t
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/leaves2 field_150361_u
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sponge field_150360_v
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glass field_150359_w
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lapis_ore field_150369_x
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lapis_block field_150368_y
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dispenser field_150367_z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/HAS_BOTTLE field_176451_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton$1/field_180420_a field_180420_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/wooden field_150047_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/FACING field_176585_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/POWERED field_176584_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/AGE field_176587_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/BITES field_176589_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/LEVEL field_176591_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/FACING field_176459_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/chestType field_149956_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa$1/field_180415_a field_180415_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/AGE field_176501_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/COLOR field_176581_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/TRIGGERED field_176452_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/field_180418_a field_180418_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/field_180417_b field_180417_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/COMPARE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/SUBTRACT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/name field_177041_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/POWERED field_176464_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/MODE field_176463_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/world field_175128_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/position field_175127_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/AGE field_176488_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/POWER field_176436_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/inverted field_176435_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/POWERED field_176574_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/SHAPE field_176573_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isRepeaterPowered field_149914_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirectional/FACING field_176387_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/DIRT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/COARSE_DIRT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/PODZOL c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/METADATA_LOOKUP field_176930_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/metadata field_176931_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/name field_176928_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/unlocalizedName field_176929_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/field_181067_h field_181067_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/VARIANT field_176386_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/SNOWY field_176385_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/dispenseBehaviorRegistry field_149943_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/rand field_149942_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/FACING field_176441_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/TRIGGERED field_176440_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/UPPER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/LOWER b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/LEFT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/RIGHT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/HINGE field_176521_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/POWERED field_176522_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/HALF field_176523_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/FACING field_176520_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/OPEN field_176519_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/UPPER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/LOWER b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/SUNFLOWER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/SYRINGA b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/GRASS c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/FERN d
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/ROSE e
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/PAEONIA f
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/META_LOOKUP field_176941_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/meta field_176949_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/name field_176950_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/unlocalizedName field_176947_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/FACING field_181084_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/VARIANT field_176493_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/HALF field_176492_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/dropBehavior field_149947_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/adjacentSourceBlocks field_149815_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/FACING field_176508_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/EYE field_176507_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/FACING field_176437_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/fallInstantly field_149832_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland$1/field_181625_a field_181625_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/MOISTURE field_176531_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/SOUTH field_176527_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/WEST field_176528_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/NORTH field_176526_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/EAST field_176525_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/IN_WALL field_176467_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/OPEN field_176466_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/POWERED field_176465_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/ALT field_176544_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/NORTH field_176545_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/EAST field_176546_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/SOUTH field_176541_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/WEST field_176539_Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/UPPER field_176542_R
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/encouragements field_149849_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/flammabilities field_149848_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/AGE field_176543_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/FLIP field_176540_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/field_180355_a field_180355_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/field_180351_a field_180351_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/DANDELION a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/POPPY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/BLUE_ORCHID c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/ALLIUM d
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/HOUSTONIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/RED_TULIP f
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/ORANGE_TULIP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/WHITE_TULIP h
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/PINK_TULIP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/OXEYE_DAISY j
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/TYPES_FOR_BLOCK field_176981_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/blockType field_176978_l
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/meta field_176979_m
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/name field_176976_n
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/unlocalizedName field_176977_o
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/$VALUES p
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/YELLOW a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/RED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/type field_176496_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$1/field_180353_a field_180353_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$1/field_180352_b field_180352_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/EMPTY a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/POPPY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/BLUE_ORCHID c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ALLIUM d
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/HOUSTONIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/RED_TULIP f
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ORANGE_TULIP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/WHITE_TULIP h
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/PINK_TULIP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/OXEYE_DAISY j
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DANDELION k
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/OAK_SAPLING l
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/SPRUCE_SAPLING m
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/BIRCH_SAPLING n
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/JUNGLE_SAPLING o
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ACACIA_SAPLING p
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DARK_OAK_SAPLING q
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/MUSHROOM_RED r
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/MUSHROOM_BROWN s
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DEAD_BUSH t
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/FERN u
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/CACTUS v
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/name field_177006_w
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/$VALUES x
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/LEGACY_DATA field_176444_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/CONTENTS field_176443_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace$1/field_180356_a field_180356_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/keepInventory field_149934_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/FACING field_176447_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/isBurning field_149932_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/SNOWY field_176498_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/name field_176988_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/HALF field_176554_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/ignoreSimilarity field_149996_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/FACING field_176430_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/ENABLED field_176429_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$1/field_181092_a field_181092_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH_WEST a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH b
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH_EAST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/WEST d
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/CENTER e
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/EAST f
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH_WEST g
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH h
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH_EAST i
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/STEM j
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_INSIDE k
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_OUTSIDE l
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_STEM m
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176905_n
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/meta field_176906_o
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/name field_176914_p
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/$VALUES q
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/VARIANT field_176380_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/smallBlock field_176379_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/record field_145858_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/HAS_RECORD field_176432_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder$1/field_180190_a field_180190_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/FACING field_176382_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/surroundings field_150128_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/iconIndex field_150127_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isTransparent field_176238_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/DECAYABLE field_176237_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/CHECK_DECAY field_176236_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180165_a field_180165_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180163_b field_180163_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180164_c field_180164_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/DOWN_X a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/EAST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/WEST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/NORTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/UP_Z f
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/UP_X g
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/DOWN_Z h
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/META_LOOKUP field_176869_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/meta field_176866_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/name field_176867_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/facing field_176864_l
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/FACING field_176360_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/POWERED field_176359_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/LEVEL field_176367_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$1/field_180167_a field_180167_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/X a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/Y b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/Z c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/NONE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/name field_176874_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/LOG_AXIS field_176299_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$1/field_180178_a field_180178_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/COBBLESTONE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/STONEBRICK c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/MOSSY_STONEBRICK d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/CRACKED_STONEBRICK e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/CHISELED_STONEBRICK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176885_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/meta field_176893_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/name field_176894_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176891_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/VARIANT field_176378_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/SNOWY field_176384_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/AGE field_176486_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/VARIANT field_176240_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$2/field_181093_a field_181093_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$2/field_180191_a field_180191_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/VARIANT field_176300_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/RED_SANDSTONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176921_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/meta field_176922_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/name field_176919_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/field_181069_e field_181069_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/VARIANT field_176559_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/SEAMLESS field_176558_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/INSTRUMENTS field_176434_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/VARIANT field_176239_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$2/field_181094_a field_181094_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$2/field_180203_a field_180203_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/VARIANT field_176301_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/OAK a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/SPRUCE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/BIRCH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/JUNGLE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/ACACIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/DARK_OAK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176842_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/meta field_176850_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/name field_176851_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176848_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/mapColor field_181071_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/VARIANT field_176383_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/world field_150867_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/axis field_150865_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150866_c field_150866_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150863_d field_150863_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150864_e field_150864_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150861_f field_150861_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150862_g field_150862_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150868_h field_150868_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/AXIS field_176550_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$2/field_180121_a field_180121_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/POWERED field_176569_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/SHAPE field_176568_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$1/field_180127_a field_180127_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/EVERYTHING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/MOBS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/POWERED field_176580_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/sensitivity field_150069_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/ROUGH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/BRICKS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/DARK c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176813_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/meta field_176814_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/name field_176811_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176812_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/BRICKS_META field_176333_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/DARK_META field_176334_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/VARIANT field_176332_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/ROUGH_META field_176331_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/golemBasePattern field_176395_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/golemPattern field_176396_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/field_181085_Q field_181085_Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/snowmanBasePattern field_176394_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/snowmanPattern field_176393_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$1/field_180101_a field_180101_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_Y c
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_X d
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_Z e
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176797_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/meta field_176798_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/field_176805_h field_176805_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176806_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/VARIANT field_176335_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/SHAPE field_176565_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176831_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/meta field_176832_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/name field_176829_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176830_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/TYPE field_176336_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/isOn field_150187_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/UP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/SIDE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/NONE c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/name field_176820_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/SOUTH field_176349_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/WEST field_176350_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/POWER field_176351_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canProvidePower field_150181_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/blocksNeedingUpdate field_150179_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/NORTH field_176348_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/EAST field_176347_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/isOn field_150171_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle/pos field_180111_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle/time field_150844_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isOn field_150113_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/toggles field_150112_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/AGE field_176355_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/LOCKED field_176411_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/DELAY field_176410_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRotatedPillar/AXIS field_176298_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/SAND a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/RED_SAND b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176695_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/meta field_176692_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/name field_176693_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/mapColor field_176690_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176691_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/VARIANT field_176504_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176679_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/metadata field_176680_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/name field_176677_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176678_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/TYPE field_176297_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling$1/field_177065_a field_177065_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/TYPE field_176480_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/STAGE field_176479_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$2/field_177063_a field_177063_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/IS_WITHER_SKELETON field_176419_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/witherBasePattern field_176420_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/witherPattern field_176421_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/FACING field_176418_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/NODROP field_176417_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/LAYERS field_176315_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/WET field_176313_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/COLOR field_176547_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/COLOR field_176245_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/name field_176709_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/STRAIGHT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/INNER_LEFT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/INNER_RIGHT c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/OUTER_LEFT d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/OUTER_RIGHT e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/name field_176699_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/SHAPE field_176310_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/field_150150_a field_150150_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modelBlock field_150149_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modelState field_150151_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/hasRaytraced field_150152_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/rayTracePass field_150153_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/FACING field_176309_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/HALF field_176308_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/ROTATION field_176413_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/crop field_149877_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/AGE field_176484_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/FACING field_176483_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/GRANITE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/GRANITE_SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/DIORITE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/DIORITE_SMOOTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/ANDESITE f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/ANDESITE_SMOOTH g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176655_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/meta field_176656_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/name field_176653_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176654_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/field_181073_l field_181073_l
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/VARIANT field_176247_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/MOSSY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/CRACKED c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/CHISELED d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176618_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/meta field_176615_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/name field_176616_g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176622_h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/MOSSY_META field_176250_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/CRACKED_META field_176251_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/CHISELED_META field_176252_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/VARIANT field_176249_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/DEFAULT_META field_176248_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/SAND b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/WOOD c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/COBBLESTONE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/BRICK e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/SMOOTHBRICK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/NETHERBRICK g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/QUARTZ h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176640_i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/meta field_176637_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/field_181075_k field_181075_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/name field_176638_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176635_l
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/VARIANT field_176556_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/SEAMLESS field_176555_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/DEAD_BUSH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/GRASS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/FERN c
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_177048_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/meta field_177049_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/name field_177046_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/TYPE field_176497_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/EAST field_176242_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/SOUTH field_176243_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/WEST field_176244_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canDrop field_150099_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/NORTH field_176241_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/EXPLODE field_176246_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$2/field_176609_a field_176609_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/FACING field_176596_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/fancyGraphics field_150121_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$1/field_177058_a field_177058_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/name field_176671_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/HALF field_176285_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/FACING field_176284_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/OPEN field_176283_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/ATTACHED field_176294_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/DISARMED field_176295_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/NORTH field_176296_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/EAST field_176291_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/SOUTH field_176289_Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/WEST field_176292_R
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/POWERED field_176293_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/SUSPENDED field_176290_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook$1/field_177056_a field_177056_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/ATTACHED field_176265_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/SUSPENDED field_176266_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/FACING field_176264_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/POWERED field_176263_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine$1/field_177057_a field_177057_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/EAST field_176278_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/SOUTH field_176279_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/WEST field_176280_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/ALL_FACES field_176274_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/UP field_176277_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/NORTH field_176273_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/NORMAL a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/MOSSY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/META_LOOKUP field_176666_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/meta field_176663_d
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/name field_176664_e
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/unlocalizedName field_176661_f
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/EAST field_176257_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/SOUTH field_176258_N
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/WEST field_176259_O
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/VARIANT field_176255_P
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/UP field_176256_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/NORTH field_176254_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign$1/field_177331_a field_177331_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/FACING field_176412_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/POWER field_176579_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/field_150068_a field_150068_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/VARIANT field_176557_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/COLOR field_176330_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_VERTICAL A
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_HORIZONTAL B
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_VERTICAL_MIRROR C
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_HORIZONTAL_MIRROR D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BORDER E
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CURLY_BORDER F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CREEPER G
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/GRADIENT H
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/GRADIENT_UP I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BRICKS J
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SKULL K
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/FLOWER L
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/MOJANG M
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternName field_177284_N
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternID field_177285_O
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/craftingLayers field_177291_P
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternCraftingStack field_177290_Q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/$VALUES R
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BASE a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_BOTTOM_LEFT b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_BOTTOM_RIGHT c
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_TOP_LEFT d
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_TOP_RIGHT e
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_BOTTOM f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_TOP g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_LEFT h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_RIGHT i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_CENTER j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_MIDDLE k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_DOWNRIGHT l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_DOWNLEFT m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_SMALL n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CROSS o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRAIGHT_CROSS p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLE_BOTTOM q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLE_TOP r
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLES_BOTTOM s
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLES_TOP t
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_LEFT u
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_RIGHT v
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_LEFT_MIRROR w
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_RIGHT_MIRROR x
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CIRCLE_MIDDLE y
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/RHOMBUS_MIDDLE z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/baseColor field_175120_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patterns field_175118_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/field_175119_g field_175119_g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patternList field_175122_h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/colorList field_175123_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patternResourceLocation field_175121_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/colors field_177266_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/height field_177265_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/effectsList field_146009_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/beamSegments field_174909_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/beamRenderCounter field_146016_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/field_146014_j field_146014_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isComplete field_146015_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/levels field_146012_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/primaryEffect field_146013_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/secondaryEffect field_146010_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/payment field_146011_o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/customName field_146008_p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/field_150830_a field_150830_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/field_150832_a field_150832_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/field_150834_a field_150834_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/logger field_145852_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/worldObj field_145850_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/pos field_174879_c
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/tileEntityInvalid field_145846_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/blockType field_145854_h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/nameToClassMap field_145855_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/classToNameMap field_145853_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/blockMetadata field_145847_g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/inputSlots field_145941_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/outputSlots field_145947_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewingItemStacks field_145945_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewTime field_145946_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/filledSlots field_145943_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/ingredientID field_145944_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/customName field_145942_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest$1/field_177366_a field_177366_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestChecked field_145984_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestZNeg field_145992_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestXPos field_145990_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestXNeg field_145991_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestZPos field_145988_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/lidAngle field_145989_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/prevLidAngle field_145986_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/numPlayersUsing field_145987_o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/chestContents field_145985_p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/ticksSinceSync field_145983_q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/cachedChestType field_145982_r
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/customName field_145981_s
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/field_145767_a field_145767_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/commandBlockLogic field_145994_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/outputSignal field_145997_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/customName field_146020_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/RNG field_174913_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/stacks field_146022_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/tickCount field_145926_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/pageFlip field_145933_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/pageFlipPrev field_145931_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145932_k field_145932_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145929_l field_145929_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookSpread field_145930_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookSpreadPrev field_145927_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookRotation field_145928_o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookRotationPrev field_145925_p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145924_q field_145924_q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/rand field_145923_r
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/customName field_145922_s
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/lidAngle field_145972_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/prevLidAngle field_145975_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/numPlayersUsing field_145973_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/ticksSinceSync field_145974_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/flowerPotItem field_145967_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/flowerPotData field_145968_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsTop field_145962_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsBottom field_145959_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsSides field_145960_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceItemStacks field_145957_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceBurnTime field_145956_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/currentItemBurnTime field_145963_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/cookTime field_174906_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/totalCookTime field_174905_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceCustomName field_145958_o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/inventory field_145900_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/customName field_145902_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/transferCooldown field_145901_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/code field_174901_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/field_150825_a field_150825_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/spawnerLogic field_145882_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/note field_145879_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/previousRedstoneState field_145880_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/field_174795_a field_174795_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/field_174797_a field_174797_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/field_174796_b field_174796_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/signText field_145915_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/lineBeingEdited field_145918_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/isEditable field_145916_j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/player field_145917_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/stats field_174883_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/skullType field_145908_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/skullRotation field_145910_i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/playerProfile field_152110_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase$1/field_177243_a field_177243_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isSticky field_150082_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/FACING field_176321_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/EXTENDED field_176320_b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$1/field_177247_a field_177247_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/STICKY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/VARIANT field_176714_c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/SHORT field_176327_M
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/FACING field_176326_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/TYPE field_176325_b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston$1/field_177248_a field_177248_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/pistonState field_174932_a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/pistonFacing field_174931_f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/extending field_145875_k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/shouldHeadBeRendered field_145872_l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/progress field_145873_m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/lastProgress field_145870_n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/field_174933_k field_174933_k
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/FACING field_176426_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/TYPE field_176425_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/world field_177261_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/pistonPos field_177259_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/blockToMove field_177260_c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/moveDirection field_177257_d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/toMove field_177258_e
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/toDestroy field_177256_f
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/COMMA_JOINER field_177234_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/MAP_ENTRY_TO_STRING field_177233_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/field_177549_a field_177549_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/block field_177239_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/properties field_177237_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/propertyValueTable field_177238_c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/COMMA_JOINER field_177628_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/GET_NAME_FUNC field_177626_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/block field_177627_c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/properties field_177624_d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/validStates field_177625_e
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/field_177504_a field_177504_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/world field_177515_a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/pos field_177513_b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/field_181628_c field_181628_c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/state field_177514_c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/tileEntity field_177511_d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/tileEntityInitialized field_177512_e
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/world field_177680_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/field_181626_b field_181626_b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/pos field_177674_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/finger field_177672_b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/thumb field_177673_c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/lcache field_177671_d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181120_e field_181120_e
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181121_f field_181121_f
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181122_g field_181122_g
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/blockMatches field_177689_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/fingerLength field_177687_b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/thumbLength field_177688_c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/palmLength field_177686_d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/COMMA_JOIN field_177667_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/depth field_177665_b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/symbolMap field_177666_c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/aisleHeight field_177663_d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/rowWidth field_177664_e
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/block field_177644_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/blockstate field_177641_a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/propertyPredicates field_177640_b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/valueClass field_177704_a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/name field_177703_b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/allowedValues field_177717_a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/allowedValues field_177711_a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/nameToValue field_177710_b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/allowedValues field_177720_a
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/GROWING a
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/SHRINKING b
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/STATIONARY c
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/id field_177767_d
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/listeners field_177758_a
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/centerX field_177756_b
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/centerZ field_177757_c
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/startDiameter field_177754_d
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/endDiameter field_177755_e
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/endTime field_177752_f
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/startTime field_177753_g
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/worldSize field_177762_h
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/damageAmount field_177763_i
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/damageBuffer field_177760_j
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/warningTime field_177761_k
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/warningDistance field_177759_l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/data field_76585_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150824_a field_150824_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150822_b field_150822_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150823_c field_150823_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150821_d field_150821_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/field_177457_a field_177457_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/field_177456_b field_177456_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/field_177450_a field_177450_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/field_177449_b field_177449_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/IMMEDIATE a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/QUEUED b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/CHECK c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/xPosition field_76635_g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/zPosition field_76647_h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/logger field_150817_t
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/storageArrays field_76652_q
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/blockBiomeArray field_76651_r
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/precipitationHeightMap field_76638_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/updateSkylightColumns field_76639_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isChunkLoaded field_76636_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/worldObj field_76637_e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/heightMap field_76634_f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isGapLightingUpdated field_76650_s
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/chunkTileEntityMap field_150816_i
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/entityLists field_76645_j
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isTerrainPopulated field_76646_k
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLightPopulated field_150814_l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/field_150815_m field_150815_m
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isModified field_76643_l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/hasEntities field_76644_m
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/lastSaveTime field_76641_n
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/heightMapMinimum field_82912_p
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/inhabitedTime field_111204_q
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/queuedLightChecks field_76649_t
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/tileEntityPosQueue field_177447_w
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/yBase field_76684_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/blockRefCount field_76682_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/tickRefCount field_76683_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/data field_177488_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/blocklightArray field_76679_g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/skylightArray field_76685_h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/data field_76689_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/depthBits field_76687_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/depthBitsPlusFour field_76688_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/lastUpdated field_76698_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/terrainPopulated field_76696_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/heightmap field_76697_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/blockLight field_76694_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/skyLight field_76695_e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/data field_76692_f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/blocks field_76693_g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/entities field_76702_h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/tileEntities field_151564_i
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/tileTicks field_151563_j
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/x field_76701_k
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/z field_76699_l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/field_76724_a field_76724_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/chunkX field_76722_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/chunkZ field_76723_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/emptySector field_76720_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/fileName field_76718_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/dataFile field_76719_c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/offsets field_76716_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/chunkTimestamps field_76717_e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/sectorFree field_76714_f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/sizeDelta field_76715_g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/lastModified field_76721_h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/regionsByFilename field_76553_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/logger field_151505_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunksToRemove field_75828_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/pendingAnvilChunksCoordinates field_75826_b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunkSaveLocation field_75825_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/field_183014_e field_183014_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/moonPhaseFactors field_111203_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/worldObj field_76579_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/worldChunkMgr field_76578_c
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isHellWorld field_76575_d
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/hasNoSky field_76576_e
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/lightBrightnessTable field_76573_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/dimensionId field_76574_g
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/terrainType field_76577_b
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/generatorSettings field_82913_c
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/colorsSunriseSunset field_76580_h
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/field_177764_a field_177764_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/field_75046_d field_75046_d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/data field_177860_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/defaultState field_177859_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useRavines field_177870_A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useWaterLakes field_177871_B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/waterLakeChance field_177872_C
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useLavaLakes field_177866_D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lavaLakeChance field_177867_E
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useLavaOceans field_177868_F
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/fixedBiome field_177869_G
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeSize field_177877_H
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/riverSize field_177878_I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtSize field_177879_J
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtCount field_177880_K
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtMinHeight field_177873_L
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtMaxHeight field_177874_M
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelSize field_177875_N
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelCount field_177876_O
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelMinHeight field_177886_P
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelMaxHeight field_177885_Q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteSize field_177888_R
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteCount field_177887_S
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteMinHeight field_177882_T
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteMaxHeight field_177881_U
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteSize field_177884_V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteCount field_177883_W
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteMinHeight field_177891_X
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteMaxHeight field_177890_Y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteSize field_177892_Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/JSON_ADAPTER field_177901_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisSpread field_177889_aA
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteCount field_177936_aa
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteMinHeight field_177937_ab
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteMaxHeight field_177934_ac
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalSize field_177935_ad
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalCount field_177941_ae
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalMinHeight field_177943_af
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalMaxHeight field_177938_ag
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironSize field_177939_ah
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironCount field_177922_ai
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironMinHeight field_177924_aj
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironMaxHeight field_177918_ak
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldSize field_177920_al
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldCount field_177930_am
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldMinHeight field_177932_an
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldMaxHeight field_177926_ao
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneSize field_177928_ap
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneCount field_177908_aq
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneMinHeight field_177906_ar
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneMaxHeight field_177904_as
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondSize field_177902_at
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondCount field_177916_au
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondMinHeight field_177914_av
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondMaxHeight field_177912_aw
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisSize field_177910_ax
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisCount field_177897_ay
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisCenterHeight field_177895_az
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coordinateScale field_177899_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/heightScale field_177900_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/upperLimitScale field_177896_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lowerLimitScale field_177898_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleX field_177893_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleZ field_177894_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleExponent field_177915_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleX field_177917_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleY field_177911_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleZ field_177913_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/baseSize field_177907_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/stretchY field_177909_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeDepthWeight field_177903_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeDepthOffset field_177905_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeScaleWeight field_177933_p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeScaleOffset field_177931_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/seaLevel field_177929_r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useCaves field_177927_s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useDungeons field_177925_t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dungeonChance field_177923_u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useStrongholds field_177921_v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useVillages field_177919_w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useMineShafts field_177944_x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useTemples field_177942_y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useMonuments field_177940_z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useWaterLakes field_177781_A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/waterLakeChance field_177782_B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useLavaLakes field_177783_C
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lavaLakeChance field_177777_D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useLavaOceans field_177778_E
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/fixedBiome field_177779_F
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeSize field_177780_G
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/riverSize field_177788_H
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtSize field_177789_I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtCount field_177790_J
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtMinHeight field_177791_K
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtMaxHeight field_177784_L
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelSize field_177785_M
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelCount field_177786_N
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelMinHeight field_177787_O
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelMaxHeight field_177797_P
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteSize field_177796_Q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteCount field_177799_R
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteMinHeight field_177798_S
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteMaxHeight field_177793_T
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteSize field_177792_U
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteCount field_177795_V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteMinHeight field_177794_W
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteMaxHeight field_177801_X
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteSize field_177800_Y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteCount field_177802_Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coordinateScale field_177811_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteMinHeight field_177846_aa
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteMaxHeight field_177847_ab
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalSize field_177844_ac
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalCount field_177845_ad
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalMinHeight field_177851_ae
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalMaxHeight field_177853_af
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironSize field_177848_ag
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironCount field_177849_ah
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironMinHeight field_177832_ai
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironMaxHeight field_177834_aj
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldSize field_177828_ak
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldCount field_177830_al
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldMinHeight field_177840_am
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldMaxHeight field_177842_an
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneSize field_177836_ao
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneCount field_177838_ap
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneMinHeight field_177818_aq
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneMaxHeight field_177816_ar
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondSize field_177814_as
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondCount field_177812_at
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondMinHeight field_177826_au
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondMaxHeight field_177824_av
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisSize field_177822_aw
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisCount field_177820_ax
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisCenterHeight field_177807_ay
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisSpread field_177805_az
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/heightScale field_177809_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/upperLimitScale field_177810_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lowerLimitScale field_177806_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleX field_177808_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleZ field_177803_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleExponent field_177804_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleX field_177825_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleY field_177827_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleZ field_177821_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/baseSize field_177823_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/stretchY field_177817_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeDepthWeight field_177819_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeDepthOffSet field_177813_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeScaleWeight field_177815_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeScaleOffset field_177843_p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/seaLevel field_177841_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useCaves field_177839_r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useDungeons field_177837_s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dungeonChance field_177835_t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useStrongholds field_177833_u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useVillages field_177831_v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useMineShafts field_177829_w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useTemples field_177854_x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useMonuments field_177852_y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useRavines field_177850_z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_177464_a field_177464_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_177462_b field_177462_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_181039_c field_181039_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/world field_177463_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/worldObj field_73163_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/random field_73161_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/cachedBlockIDs field_82700_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/flatWorldGenInfo field_82699_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/structureGenerators field_82696_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/hasDecoration field_82697_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/hasDungeons field_82702_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/waterLakeGenerator field_82703_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/lavaLakeGenerator field_82701_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177465_A field_177465_A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/genNetherBridge field_73172_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherCaveGenerator field_73182_t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen6 field_73173_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen7 field_73171_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData1 field_73169_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData2 field_73170_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData3 field_73167_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData4 field_73168_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData5 field_73180_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/worldObj field_73175_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177466_i field_177466_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/hellRNG field_73181_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/slowsandNoise field_73185_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/gravelNoise field_73184_r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherrackExclusivityNoise field_73183_s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseField field_73186_p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen1 field_73178_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen2 field_73179_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen3 field_73176_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/slowsandGravelNoiseGen field_73177_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherrackExculsivityNoiseGen field_73174_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177470_t field_177470_t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177469_u field_177469_u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177468_v field_177468_v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177467_w field_177467_w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177473_x field_177473_x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177472_y field_177472_y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177471_z field_177471_z
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/range field_75040_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/rand field_75038_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/worldObj field_75039_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/oceanMonumentGenerator field_177474_A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/biomesForGeneration field_73231_z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/noiseGen5 field_73214_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/noiseGen6 field_73212_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mobSpawnerNoise field_73213_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mainNoiseArray field_147427_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/lowerLimitNoiseArray field_147428_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/upperLimitNoiseArray field_147425_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/depthNoiseArray field_147426_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/rand field_73220_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147431_j field_147431_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147432_k field_147432_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147429_l field_147429_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147430_m field_147430_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/worldObj field_73230_p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mapFeaturesEnabled field_73229_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_177475_o field_177475_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147434_q field_147434_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/parabolicField field_147433_r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/settings field_177477_r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/oceanBlockTmpl field_177476_s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/stoneNoise field_73227_s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/caveGenerator field_73226_t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/strongholdGenerator field_73225_u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/villageGenerator field_73224_v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mineshaftGenerator field_73223_w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/scatteredFeatureGenerator field_73233_x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/ravineGenerator field_73232_y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen4 field_73196_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen5 field_73194_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData1 field_73195_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData2 field_73192_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData3 field_73193_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData4 field_73190_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData5 field_73191_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/endRNG field_73204_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen1 field_73201_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen2 field_73202_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen3 field_73199_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/endWorld field_73200_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/densities field_73197_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/biomesForGeneration field_73198_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates/field_178000_b field_178000_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightLimit field_76504_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/height field_76501_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightAttenuation field_76502_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/branchSlope field_175944_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/scaleWidth field_175945_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafDensity field_76513_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/trunkSize field_175943_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightLimitLimit field_175950_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafDistanceLimit field_76508_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/field_175948_j field_175948_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/rand field_175949_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/world field_175946_l
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/basePos field_175947_m
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/field_181629_a field_181629_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/field_181630_b field_181630_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/useExtraRandomHeight field_150531_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/field_150545_a field_150545_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/field_150544_b field_150544_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/chestItems field_175909_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/itemsToGenerateInBonusChest field_76545_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature/field_175908_a field_175908_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/field_150546_a field_150546_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/numberOfBlocks field_76517_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175913_a field_175913_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175911_b field_175911_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175912_c field_175912_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175910_d field_175910_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/field_150549_a field_150549_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/doBlockNotify field_76488_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/flower field_150552_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/field_175915_b field_175915_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/leavesMetadata field_150528_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/woodMetadata field_150527_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/field_150553_a field_150553_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/field_94524_b field_94524_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom/mushroomType field_76523_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/block field_150555_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/basePathWidth field_150554_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes/block field_150556_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181633_e field_181633_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181634_f field_181634_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181635_g field_181635_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/useBaseHeight field_150542_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/baseHeight field_76522_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/woodMetadata field_76520_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/leavesMetadata field_76521_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/extraRandomHeight field_150538_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/field_175918_a field_175918_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/SPAWNERTYPES field_175916_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/CHESTCONTENT field_175917_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/oreBlock field_175920_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/numberOfBlocks field_76541_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/predicate field_175919_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/field_181636_a field_181636_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/field_181637_b field_181637_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/field_181640_a field_181640_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/field_181641_b field_181641_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/block field_150517_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/radius field_76539_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/field_181643_a field_181643_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/field_181644_b field_181644_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes/baseBlockRequired field_150520_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids/block field_150521_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/field_181645_a field_181645_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/field_181646_b field_181646_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/field_181648_a field_181648_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/field_181649_b field_181649_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass/tallGrassState field_175907_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/field_181653_a field_181653_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/field_181654_b field_181654_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/minTreeHeight field_76533_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/vinesGrow field_76531_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/metaWood field_76532_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/metaLeaves field_76530_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/flatLayers field_82655_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/worldFeatures field_82653_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/biomeToUse field_82654_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/field_175902_a field_175902_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerMaterial field_175901_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerCount field_82664_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerMinimumY field_82661_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox$1/field_175895_a field_175895_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minX field_78897_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minY field_78895_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minZ field_78896_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxX field_78893_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxY field_78894_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxZ field_78892_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/field_82673_e field_82673_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$1/field_175894_a field_175894_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/hasRails field_74958_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/hasSpiders field_74956_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/spawnerPlaced field_74957_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/sectionCount field_74955_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/corridorDirection field_74953_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/isMultipleFloors field_74952_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/roomsLinkedToTheRoom field_74949_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/CHEST_CONTENT_WEIGHT_LIST field_175893_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/spawnList field_75060_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$1/field_175888_a field_175888_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/fillSeed field_74972_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/field_111021_b field_111021_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/field_111020_b field_111020_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/hasSpawner field_74976_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/field_111019_a field_111019_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/weightClass field_78828_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78826_b field_78826_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78827_c field_78827_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78824_d field_78824_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78825_e field_78825_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/theNetherBridgePieceWeight field_74970_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/primaryWeights field_74968_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/secondaryWeights field_74969_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/field_74967_d field_74967_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/primaryComponents field_78742_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/secondaryComponents field_78741_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/field_175791_c field_175791_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/field_175790_d field_175790_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175802_d field_175802_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175800_f field_175800_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175801_g field_175801_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175803_h field_175803_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1/field_175971_a field_175971_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175845_o field_175845_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175844_p field_175844_p
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175843_q field_175843_q
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175828_a field_175828_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175826_b field_175826_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175827_c field_175827_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175824_d field_175824_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175825_e field_175825_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175822_f field_175822_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175823_g field_175823_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175831_h field_175831_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175832_i field_175832_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175829_j field_175829_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175830_k field_175830_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom/field_175833_o field_175833_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom/field_175834_o field_175834_o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175967_a field_175967_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175965_b field_175965_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175966_c field_175966_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175963_d field_175963_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175964_e field_175964_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175962_f field_175962_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/biomelist field_75061_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/scatteredFeatureSpawnList field_82668_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/maxDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures field_82669_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/minDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures field_82670_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1/field_175956_a field_175956_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/hasPlacedChest field_74940_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/itemsToGenerateInTemple field_74941_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedMainChest field_74947_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedHiddenChest field_74948_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedTrap1 field_74945_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedTrap2 field_74946_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/field_175816_i field_175816_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/field_175815_j field_175815_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/junglePyramidsRandomScatteredStones field_74942_n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeX field_74939_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeY field_74937_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeZ field_74938_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/field_74936_d field_74936_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/hasWitch field_82682_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_151546_e field_151546_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/ranBiomeCheck field_75056_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/structureCoords field_75057_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_82671_h field_82671_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_82672_i field_82672_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$3/field_75245_a field_75245_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$3/field_175951_b field_175951_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/strongholdChestContents field_75003_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/hasMadeChest field_75002_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/field_74993_a field_74993_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74996_b field_74996_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74997_c field_74997_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74995_d field_74995_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74999_h field_74999_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/strongholdLibraryChestContents field_75007_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/isLargeRoom field_75008_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/pieceClass field_75194_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/pieceWeight field_75192_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/instancesSpawned field_75193_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/instancesLimit field_75191_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/hasSpawner field_75005_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/roomType field_75013_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/strongholdRoomCrossingChestContents field_75014_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/field_75024_a field_75024_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/strongholdPieceWeight field_75027_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/strongholdPortalRoom field_75025_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/field_75026_c field_75026_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/expandsX field_75019_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/expandsZ field_75020_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/OPENING a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/WOOD_DOOR b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/GRATES c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/IRON_DOOR d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/field_143013_d field_143013_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/totalWeight field_75207_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/pieceWeightArray field_75205_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/structurePieceList field_75206_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/strongComponentType field_75203_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/strongholdStones field_75204_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85169_a field_85169_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85167_b field_85167_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85168_c field_85168_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85165_a field_85165_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85163_b field_85163_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85164_c field_85164_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/field_85161_a field_85161_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/structureData field_143029_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/structureMap field_75053_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/logger field_151687_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/startNameToClassMap field_143040_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/startClassToNameMap field_143038_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/componentNameToClassMap field_143039_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/componentClassToNameMap field_143037_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/tagCompound field_143044_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$1/field_176100_a field_176100_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/blockstate field_151562_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/boundingBox field_74887_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/coordBaseMode field_74885_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/componentType field_74886_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/components field_75075_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/boundingBox field_75074_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/chunkPosX field_143024_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/chunkPosZ field_143023_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/hasMoreThanTwoComponents field_75076_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/villageSpawnBiomes field_75055_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/terrainType field_75054_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/field_82665_g field_82665_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/field_82666_h field_82666_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$1/field_176064_a field_176064_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeA field_82679_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeB field_82680_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeC field_82678_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeD field_82681_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/cropTypeA field_82675_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/cropTypeB field_82676_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePieceClass field_75090_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePieceWeight field_75088_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePiecesSpawned field_75089_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePiecesLimit field_75087_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/isRoofAccessible field_74913_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/isTallHouse field_74909_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/tablePosition field_74910_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/villageBlacksmithChestContents field_74918_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/hasMadeChest field_74917_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/worldChunkMngr field_74929_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/inDesert field_74927_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/terrainType field_74928_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/structVillagePieceWeight field_74926_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/structureVillageWeightedPieceList field_74931_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/field_74932_i field_74932_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/field_74930_j field_74930_j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/length field_74934_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/villagersSpawned field_74896_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/isDesertVillage field_143014_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/field_143015_k field_143015_k
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/xCoord field_76315_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/yCoord field_76313_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/zCoord field_76314_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/permutations field_76312_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152381_e field_152381_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152382_f field_152382_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152383_g field_152383_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152384_h field_152384_h
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152385_i field_152385_i
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generatorCollection field_76307_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/octaves field_76306_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/field_151603_a field_151603_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/field_151602_b field_151602_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151614_a field_151614_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151612_b field_151612_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151613_c field_151613_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151610_d field_151610_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151611_e field_151611_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151608_f field_151608_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151609_g field_151609_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151615_h field_151615_h
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cactus field_151570_A
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/clay field_151571_B
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/gourd field_151572_C
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/dragonEgg field_151566_D
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/portal field_151567_E
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cake field_151568_F
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/web field_151569_G
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/piston field_76233_E
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/barrier field_175972_I
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/canBurn field_76235_G
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/replaceable field_76239_H
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isTranslucent field_76240_I
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/materialMapColor field_76234_F
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/requiresNoTool field_76241_J
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/mobilityFlag field_76242_K
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isAdventureModeExempt field_85159_M
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/air field_151579_a
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/grass field_151577_b
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/ground field_151578_c
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/wood field_151575_d
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/rock field_151576_e
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/iron field_151573_f
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/anvil field_151574_g
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/water field_151586_h
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/lava field_151587_i
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/leaves field_151584_j
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/plants field_151585_k
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/vine field_151582_l
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/sponge field_151583_m
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cloth field_151580_n
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/fire field_151581_o
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/sand field_151595_p
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/circuits field_151594_q
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/carpet field_151593_r
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/glass field_151592_s
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/redstoneLight field_151591_t
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/tnt field_151590_u
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/coral field_151589_v
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/ice field_151588_w
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/packedIce field_151598_x
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/snow field_151597_y
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/craftedSnow field_151596_z
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/blueColor field_151649_A
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/brownColor field_151650_B
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/greenColor field_151651_C
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/redColor field_151645_D
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/blackColor field_151646_E
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/goldColor field_151647_F
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/diamondColor field_151648_G
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/lapisColor field_151652_H
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/emeraldColor field_151653_I
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/obsidianColor field_151654_J
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/netherrackColor field_151655_K
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/colorValue field_76291_p
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/colorIndex field_76290_q
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/mapColorArray field_76281_a
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/airColor field_151660_b
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/grassColor field_151661_c
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/sandColor field_151658_d
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/clothColor field_151659_e
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/tntColor field_151656_f
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/iceColor field_151657_g
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/ironColor field_151668_h
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/foliageColor field_151669_i
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/snowColor field_151666_j
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/clayColor field_151667_k
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/dirtColor field_151664_l
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/stoneColor field_151665_m
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/waterColor field_151662_n
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/woodColor field_151663_o
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/quartzColor field_151677_p
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/adobeColor field_151676_q
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/magentaColor field_151675_r
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/lightBlueColor field_151674_s
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/yellowColor field_151673_t
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/limeColor field_151672_u
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/pinkColor field_151671_v
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/grayColor field_151670_w
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/silverColor field_151680_x
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/cyanColor field_151679_y
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/purpleColor field_151678_z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$1/field_151642_a field_151642_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/COOL_WARM a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/HEAT_ICE b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/SPECIAL c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/field_151627_c field_151627_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151623_c field_151623_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151621_d field_151621_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151622_e field_151622_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151620_f field_151620_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_175973_g field_175973_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/intCacheSize field_76451_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/freeSmallArrays field_76449_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/inUseSmallArrays field_76450_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/freeLargeArrays field_76447_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/inUseLargeArrays field_76448_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/field_176191_a field_176191_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/field_176192_a field_176192_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/parent field_75909_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/baseSeed field_75906_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/worldGenSeed field_75907_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/chunkSeed field_75908_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/logger field_151629_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/field_151628_d field_151628_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/biomePatternGeneratorChain field_75910_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/riverPatternGeneratorChain field_75911_c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/pathPoints field_75852_a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/count field_75851_b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/xCoord field_75839_a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/yCoord field_75837_b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/zCoord field_75838_c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/index field_75835_d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/totalPathDistance field_75836_e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToNext field_75833_f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToTarget field_75834_g
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/previous field_75841_h
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/visited field_75842_i
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/hash field_75840_j
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/blockaccess field_176169_a
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/pointMap field_176167_b
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeX field_176168_c
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeY field_176165_d
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeZ field_176166_e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/points field_75884_a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/currentPathIndex field_75882_b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/pathLength field_75883_c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/path field_75866_b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/pathOptions field_75864_d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/nodeProcessor field_176190_c
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canEnterDoors field_176180_f
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canBreakDoors field_176181_g
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/avoidsWater field_176183_h
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canSwim field_176184_i
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/shouldAvoidWater field_176182_j
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/mapName field_76190_i
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/dirty field_76189_a
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176117_a field_176117_a
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176115_b field_176115_b
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176116_c field_176116_c
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176114_d field_176114_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/entityplayerObj field_76211_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_82569_d field_82569_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176107_c field_176107_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176105_d field_176105_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/minX field_176106_e
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/minY field_176103_f
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/maxX field_176104_g
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/maxY field_176108_h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176109_i field_176109_i
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/xCenter field_76201_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/zCenter field_76199_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/dimension field_76200_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/scale field_76197_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/colors field_76198_e
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/playersArrayList field_76196_g
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/mapDecorations field_76203_h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/playersHashMap field_76202_j
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter$1/field_76172_a field_76172_a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/logger field_151480_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/theWorldInfo field_76115_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/logger field_151478_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/worldDirectory field_75770_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/playersDirectory field_75771_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/mapDataDir field_75768_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/initializationTime field_75769_e
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveDirectoryName field_75767_f
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/savesDirectory field_75808_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/logger field_151479_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/field_85143_a field_85143_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/field_85139_a field_85139_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/field_85141_a field_85141_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/field_85135_a field_85135_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/field_85137_a field_85137_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/field_85115_a field_85115_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/field_85113_a field_85113_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/field_85111_a field_85111_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/field_85109_a field_85109_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/difficultyLocked field_176150_A
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderCenterX field_176151_B
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderCenterZ field_176152_C
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSize field_176146_D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSizeLerpTime field_176147_E
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSizeLerpTarget field_176148_F
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSafeZone field_176149_G
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderDamagePerBlock field_176153_H
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderWarningDistance field_176154_I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderWarningTime field_176155_J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/theGameRules field_82577_x
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/DEFAULT_DIFFICULTY field_176156_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/randomSeed field_76100_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/terrainType field_76098_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/generatorOptions field_82576_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnX field_76099_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnY field_76096_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnZ field_76097_e
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/totalTime field_82575_g
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/worldTime field_76094_f
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/lastTimePlayed field_76095_g
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/sizeOnDisk field_76107_h
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/playerTag field_76108_i
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/dimension field_76105_j
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/levelName field_76106_k
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/saveVersion field_76103_l
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/cleanWeatherTime field_176157_p
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/raining field_76104_m
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/rainTime field_76101_n
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/thundering field_76102_o
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/thunderTime field_76114_p
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/theGameType field_76113_q
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/mapFeaturesEnabled field_76112_r
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/hardcore field_76111_s
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/allowCommands field_76110_t
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/initialized field_76109_u
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/difficulty field_176158_z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/fileName field_75797_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/displayName field_75795_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/lastTimePlayed field_75796_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/sizeOnDisk field_75793_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/requiresConversion field_75794_e
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/theEnumGameType field_75791_f
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/hardcore field_75792_g
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/cheatsEnabled field_75798_h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadedDataMap field_75749_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveHandler field_75751_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadedDataList field_75750_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/idCounts field_75748_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/threadedIOInstance field_75741_a
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/threadedIOQueue field_75739_b
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/writeQueuedCounter field_75740_c
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/savedIOCounter field_75737_d
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/isThreadWaiting field_75738_e
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minX field_72340_a
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minY field_72338_b
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minZ field_72339_c
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxX field_72336_d
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxY field_72337_e
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxZ field_72334_f
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/MISS a
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/BLOCK b
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/ENTITY c
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/typeOfHit field_72313_a
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/sideHit field_178784_b
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/hitVec field_72307_f
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/entityHit field_72308_g
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/blockPos field_178783_e
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/xCoord field_72450_a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/yCoord field_72448_b
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/zCoord field_72449_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/theScoreboard field_96686_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/name field_96684_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/objectiveCriteria field_96685_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/renderType field_178768_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/displayName field_96683_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/theScoreboard field_96677_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/registeredName field_96675_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/membershipSet field_96676_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/teamNameSPT field_96673_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/namePrefixSPT field_96674_e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/colorSuffix field_96671_f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/allowFriendlyFire field_96672_g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/canSeeFriendlyInvisibles field_98301_h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/nameTagVisibility field_178778_i
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/deathMessageVisibility field_178776_j
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/chatFormat field_178777_k
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scoreComparator field_96658_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/theScoreboard field_96656_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/theScoreObjective field_96657_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scorePlayerName field_96654_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scorePoints field_96655_e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/locked field_178817_f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/forceUpdate field_178818_g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/scoreObjectives field_96545_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/scoreObjectiveCriterias field_96543_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/entitiesScoreObjectives field_96544_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/objectiveDisplaySlots field_96541_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/teams field_96542_e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/teamMemberships field_96540_f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/field_178823_g field_178823_g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/logger field_151481_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/theScoreboard field_96507_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/delayedInitNbt field_96506_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/ALWAYS a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/NEVER b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/HIDE_FOR_OTHER_TEAMS c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/HIDE_FOR_OWN_TEAM d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/internalName field_178830_e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/id field_178827_f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/field_178828_g field_178828_g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/goalName field_178794_j
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/dummyName field_96644_g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/INTEGER a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/HEARTS b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/field_178801_c field_178801_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/field_178798_d field_178798_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/INSTANCES field_96643_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/DUMMY field_96641_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/TRIGGER field_178791_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/deathCount field_96642_c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/playerKillCount field_96639_d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/totalKillCount field_96640_e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/health field_96638_f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/field_178792_h field_178792_h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/field_178793_i field_178793_i
net/minecraft/stats/ObjectiveStat/stat field_151459_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/VIEWPORT field_178814_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/MODELVIEW field_178812_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/PROJECTION field_178813_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/OBJECTCOORDS field_178810_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/position field_178811_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationX field_74588_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationXZ field_74589_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationZ field_74586_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationYZ field_74587_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationXY field_74596_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/updateCounterCreated field_74543_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/lineString field_74541_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/chatLineID field_74542_c
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keybindArray field_74516_a
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/hash field_74514_b
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keybindSet field_151473_c
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyDescription field_74515_c
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCodeDefault field_151472_e
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCategory field_151471_f
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCode field_74512_d
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/pressed field_74513_e
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/pressTime field_151474_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/colorBuffer field_74522_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/LIGHT0_POS field_82884_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/LIGHT1_POS field_82885_c
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$1/field_74532_a field_74532_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$10/field_183016_a field_183016_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$10/field_183017_b field_183017_b
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$11/field_74536_a field_74536_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/field_90055_a field_90055_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/field_90053_a field_90053_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/field_74421_a field_74421_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/field_74503_a field_74503_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/field_79002_a field_79002_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/field_74500_a field_74500_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/field_82887_a field_82887_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/field_90051_a field_90051_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/field_90046_a field_90046_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/field_90048_a field_90048_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/field_142056_a field_142056_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/field_151425_a field_151425_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/field_152389_a field_152389_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$8/field_152128_a field_152128_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$9/field_183003_a field_183003_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcProfiler field_71424_I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/running field_71425_J
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debug field_71426_K
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175613_B field_175613_B
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175614_C field_175614_C
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175611_D field_175611_D
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderChunksMany field_175612_E
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugUpdateTime field_71419_L
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fpsCounter field_71420_M
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/prevFrameTime field_71421_N
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/logger field_147123_G
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/locationMojangPng field_110444_H
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/macDisplayModes field_110445_I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fileResourcepacks field_130070_K
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/twitchDetails field_152356_J
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/profileProperties field_181038_N
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/currentServerData field_71422_O
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderEngine field_71446_o
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theMinecraft field_71432_P
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fullscreen field_71431_Q
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/enableGLErrorChecking field_175619_R
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/hasCrashed field_71434_R
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/crashReporter field_71433_S
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/connectedToRealms field_181541_X
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/timer field_71428_T
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/usageSnooper field_71427_U
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isRunningOnMac field_142025_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/defaultResourcePacks field_110449_ao
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcDefaultResourcePack field_110450_ap
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcResourcePackRepository field_110448_aq
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcLanguageManager field_135017_as
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/stream field_152353_at
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/framebufferMc field_147124_at
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/textureMapBlocks field_147128_au
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcSoundHandler field_147127_av
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcMusicTicker field_147126_aw
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mojangLogo field_152354_ay
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/sessionService field_152355_az
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/skinManager field_152350_aA
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/scheduledTasks field_152351_aB
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175615_aJ field_175615_aJ
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcThread field_152352_aC
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/modelManager field_175617_aL
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/blockRenderDispatcher field_175618_aM
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugProfilerName field_71465_an
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderManager field_175616_W
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderItem field_175621_X
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/itemRenderer field_175620_Y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderViewEntity field_175622_Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/session field_71449_j
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGamePaused field_71445_n
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/leftClickCounter field_71429_W
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/tempDisplayWidth field_71436_X
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/tempDisplayHeight field_71435_Y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theIntegratedServer field_71437_Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fileAssets field_110446_Y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/launchedVersion field_110447_Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/proxy field_110453_aa
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/saveLoader field_71469_aa
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugFPS field_71470_ab
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/rightClickDelayTimer field_71467_ac
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/serverName field_71475_ae
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/serverPort field_71477_af
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/joinPlayerCounter field_71457_ai
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/jvm64bit field_147129_ai
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isDemo field_71459_aj
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/myNetworkManager field_71453_ak
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/integratedServerIsRunning field_71455_al
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugCrashKeyPressTime field_83002_am
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcResourceManager field_110451_am
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/metadataSerializer_ field_110452_an
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/memoryReserve field_71444_a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/playerController field_71442_b
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayWidth field_71443_c
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayHeight field_71440_d
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theWorld field_71441_e
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderGlobal field_71438_f
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/thePlayer field_71439_g
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/pointedEntity field_147125_j
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/effectRenderer field_71452_i
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fontRendererObj field_71466_p
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/standardGalacticFontRenderer field_71464_q
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/currentScreen field_71462_r
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadingScreen field_71461_s
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/entityRenderer field_71460_t
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/guiAchievement field_71458_u
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/ingameGUI field_71456_v
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/skipRenderWorld field_71454_w
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/objectMouseOver field_71476_x
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/gameSettings field_71474_y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mouseHelper field_71417_B
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcDataDir field_71412_D
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/inGameHasFocus field_71415_G
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/systemTime field_71423_H
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/frameTimer field_181542_y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startNanoTime field_181543_z
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/deltaX field_74377_a
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/deltaY field_74375_b
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$2/field_151477_a field_151477_a
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_WIDTH A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_HEIGHT_FOCUSED B
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_HEIGHT_UNFOCUSED C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/MIPMAP_LEVELS D
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FORCE_UNICODE_FONT E
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_BYTES_PER_PIXEL F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_VOLUME_MIC G
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_VOLUME_SYSTEM H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_KBPS I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_FPS J
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_COMPRESSION K
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_SEND_METADATA L
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_CHAT_ENABLED M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_CHAT_USER_FILTER N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_MIC_TOGGLE_BEHAVIOR O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/BLOCK_ALTERNATIVES P
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/REDUCED_DEBUG_INFO Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ENTITY_SHADOWS R
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/REALMS_NOTIFICATIONS S
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumFloat field_74385_A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumBoolean field_74386_B
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumString field_74387_C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueStep field_148270_M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueMin field_148271_N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueMax field_148272_O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/$VALUES Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/INVERT_MOUSE a
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SENSITIVITY b
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FOV c
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GAMMA d
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SATURATION e
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/RENDER_DISTANCE f
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/VIEW_BOBBING g
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ANAGLYPH h
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FRAMERATE_LIMIT i
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FBO_ENABLE j
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/RENDER_CLOUDS k
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GRAPHICS l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/AMBIENT_OCCLUSION m
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GUI_SCALE n
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/PARTICLES o
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_VISIBILITY p
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_COLOR q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_LINKS r
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_OPACITY s
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_LINKS_PROMPT t
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SNOOPER_ENABLED u
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/USE_FULLSCREEN v
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ENABLE_VSYNC w
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/USE_VBO x
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/TOUCHSCREEN y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_SCALE z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/touchscreen field_85185_A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/overrideWidth field_92118_B
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/overrideHeight field_92119_C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/heldItemTooltips field_92117_D
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatScale field_96691_E
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatWidth field_96692_F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatHeightUnfocused field_96693_G
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatHeightFocused field_96694_H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showInventoryAchievementHint field_151441_H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mipmapLevels field_151442_I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamBytesPerPixel field_152400_J
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamMicVolume field_152401_K
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamGameVolume field_152402_L
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamKbps field_152403_M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamFps field_152404_N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamCompression field_152405_O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamSendMetadata field_152406_P
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamPreferredServer field_152407_Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamChatEnabled field_152408_R
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamChatUserFilter field_152409_S
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamMicToggleBehavior field_152410_T
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/useNativeTransport field_181150_U
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/entityShadows field_181151_V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/realmsNotifications field_183509_X
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindForward field_74351_w
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindLeft field_74370_x
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mouseSensitivity field_74341_c
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/hideGUI field_74319_N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/thirdPersonView field_74320_O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showDebugInfo field_74330_P
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showDebugProfilerChart field_74329_Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showLagometer field_181657_aC
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/lastServer field_74332_R
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/smoothCamera field_74326_T
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/debugCamEnable field_74325_U
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fovSetting field_74334_X
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/gammaSetting field_74333_Y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/saturation field_151452_as
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/guiScale field_74335_Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/particleSetting field_74362_aa
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/language field_74363_ab
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/forceUnicodeFont field_151455_aw
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/logger field_151454_ax
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/gson field_151450_ay
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/typeListString field_151449_az
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/GUISCALES field_74367_ae
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/PARTICLES field_74364_ag
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/AMBIENT_OCCLUSIONS field_98303_au
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_COMPRESSIONS field_152391_aS
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_CHAT_MODES field_152392_aT
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_CHAT_FILTER_MODES field_152393_aU
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_MIC_MODES field_152394_aV
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/CLOUDS_TYPES field_181149_aW
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindBack field_74368_y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindRight field_74366_z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindJump field_74314_A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSneak field_74311_E
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSprint field_151444_V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindInventory field_151445_Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindUseItem field_74313_G
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindDrop field_74316_C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindAttack field_74312_F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindPickBlock field_74322_I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindChat field_74310_D
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindPlayerList field_74321_H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindCommand field_74323_J
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindScreenshot field_151447_Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindTogglePerspective field_151457_aa
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSmoothCamera field_151458_ab
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindFullscreen field_152395_am
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSpectatorOutlines field_178883_an
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamStartStop field_152396_an
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamPauseUnpause field_152397_ao
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamCommercials field_152398_ap
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamToggleMic field_152399_aq
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindsHotbar field_151456_ac
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindings field_74324_K
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mc field_74317_L
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/difficulty field_74318_M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/invertMouse field_74338_d
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setModelParts field_178882_aU
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mapSoundLevels field_151446_aD
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/optionsFile field_74354_ai
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/renderDistanceChunks field_151451_c
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/viewBobbing field_74336_f
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/anaglyph field_74337_g
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fboEnable field_151448_g
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/limitFramerate field_74350_i
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/clouds field_74345_l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fancyGraphics field_74347_j
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/ambientOcclusion field_74348_k
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/resourcePacks field_151453_l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/incompatibleResourcePacks field_183018_l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatVisibility field_74343_n
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatColours field_74344_o
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatLinks field_74359_p
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatLinksPrompt field_74358_q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatOpacity field_74357_r
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/snooperEnabled field_74355_t
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fullScreen field_74353_u
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/enableVsync field_74352_v
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/useVbo field_178881_t
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/allowBlockAlternatives field_178880_u
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/reducedDebugInfo field_178879_v
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/hideServerAddress field_80005_w
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/advancedItemTooltips field_82882_x
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/pauseOnLostFocus field_82881_y
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/message field_73727_a
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/mc field_73725_b
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/currentlyDisplayedText field_73726_c
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/systemTime field_73723_d
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/loadingSuccess field_73724_e
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/scaledResolution field_146587_f
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/framebuffer field_146588_g
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/logger field_148261_a
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/dateFormat field_74295_a
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/pixelBuffer field_74293_b
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/pixelValues field_74294_c
net/minecraft/util/Timer/ticksPerSecond field_74282_a
net/minecraft/util/Timer/elapsedTicks field_74280_b
net/minecraft/util/Timer/renderPartialTicks field_74281_c
net/minecraft/util/Timer/timerSpeed field_74278_d
net/minecraft/util/Timer/elapsedPartialTicks field_74279_e
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastHRTime field_74276_f
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastSyncSysClock field_74277_g
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastSyncHRClock field_74284_h
net/minecraft/util/Timer/counter field_74285_i
net/minecraft/util/Timer/timeSyncAdjustment field_74283_j
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/LEGACY a
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/MOJANG b
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/SESSION_TYPES field_152425_c
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/sessionType field_152426_d
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/util/Session/username field_74286_b
net/minecraft/util/Session/playerID field_148257_b
net/minecraft/util/Session/token field_148258_c
net/minecraft/util/Session/sessionType field_152429_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/FONT_HEIGHT field_78288_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/fontRandom field_78289_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/unicodePageLocations field_111274_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/charWidth field_78286_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/glyphWidth field_78287_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/colorCode field_78285_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/locationFontTexture field_111273_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderEngine field_78298_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/posX field_78295_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/posY field_78296_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/unicodeFlag field_78293_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/bidiFlag field_78294_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/red field_78291_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/blue field_78292_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/green field_78306_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/alpha field_78305_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/textColor field_78304_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/randomStyle field_78303_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/boldStyle field_78302_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/italicStyle field_78301_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/underlineStyle field_78300_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/strikethroughStyle field_78299_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/field_178904_a field_178904_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleDisplayTime field_175192_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleFadeOut field_175193_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/playerHealth field_175194_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/lastPlayerHealth field_175189_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/lastSystemTime field_175190_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/healthUpdateCounter field_175191_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/prevVignetteBrightness field_73843_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/vignetteTexPath field_110329_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/widgetsTexPath field_110330_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/pumpkinBlurTexPath field_110328_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/rand field_73842_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/mc field_73839_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/itemRenderer field_73841_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/persistantChatGUI field_73840_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/streamIndicator field_152127_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/updateCounter field_73837_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordPlaying field_73838_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordPlayingUpFor field_73845_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordIsPlaying field_73844_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/remainingHighlightTicks field_92017_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/highlightingItemStack field_92016_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/overlayDebug field_175198_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/spectatorGui field_175197_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/overlayPlayerList field_175196_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titlesTimer field_175195_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayedTitle field_175201_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayedSubTitle field_175200_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleFadeIn field_175199_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/optionsBackground field_110325_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/statIcons field_110323_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/icons field_110324_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/zLevel field_73735_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/field_148244_a field_148244_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapData field_148242_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapTexture field_148243_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/location field_148240_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapTextureData field_148241_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/mapIcons field_148253_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/textureManager field_148251_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/loadedMaps field_148252_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledWidthD field_78332_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledHeightD field_78329_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledWidth field_78333_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledHeight field_78331_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaleFactor field_78330_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/buttonTextures field_146122_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/width field_146120_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/height field_146121_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/xPosition field_146128_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/yPosition field_146129_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/displayString field_146126_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/id field_146127_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/enabled field_146124_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/visible field_146125_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/hovered field_146123_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/logger field_146249_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/mc field_146247_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/sentMessages field_146248_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/chatLines field_146252_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/drawnChatLines field_146253_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/scrollPos field_146250_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/isScrolled field_146251_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug$1/field_178907_a field_178907_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/mc field_175242_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/fontRenderer field_175241_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/xPosition field_146209_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/yPosition field_146210_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/id field_175208_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/fontRendererInstance field_146211_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/width field_146218_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/height field_146219_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/text field_146216_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/maxStringLength field_146217_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/cursorCounter field_146214_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/enableBackgroundDrawing field_146215_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/canLoseFocus field_146212_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isFocused field_146213_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isEnabled field_146226_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/lineScrollOffset field_146225_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/cursorPosition field_146224_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/selectionEnd field_146223_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/enabledColor field_146222_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/disabledColor field_146221_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/visible field_146220_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/field_175210_x field_175210_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/validator field_175209_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/isMouseDown field_175228_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/sliderPosition field_175227_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/name field_175226_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/min field_175225_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/max field_175224_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/responder field_175223_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/formatHelper field_175222_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146167_a field_146167_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146161_f field_146161_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146162_g field_146162_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146174_h field_146174_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_175204_i field_175204_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/visible field_146172_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146173_k field_146173_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/centered field_146170_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/labelBgEnabled field_146171_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146168_n field_146168_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146169_o field_146169_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146166_p field_146166_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146165_q field_146165_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/fontRenderer field_146164_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146163_s field_146163_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/field_175216_o field_175216_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/localizationStr field_175215_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/guiResponder field_175214_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED_HOVER b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED_DISABLED c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED_HOVER e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED_DISABLED f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/field_178914_g field_178914_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/field_178920_h field_178920_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/field_175231_o field_175231_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton/enumOptions field_146137_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148325_a field_148325_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148323_b field_148323_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148324_c field_148324_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/field_148184_k field_148184_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry/field_178941_a field_178941_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry/field_178951_a field_178951_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178031_a field_178031_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178029_b field_178029_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178030_c field_178030_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178028_d field_178028_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178939_a field_178939_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178937_b field_178937_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178938_c field_178938_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178949_a field_178949_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178947_b field_178947_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178948_c field_178948_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178946_d field_178946_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178075_A field_178075_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178074_u field_178074_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178073_v field_178073_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178072_w field_178072_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178078_x field_178078_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178077_y field_178077_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178076_z field_178076_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/field_175252_a field_175252_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/mc field_175250_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/guiIngame field_175251_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/footer field_175255_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/header field_175256_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/lastTimeOpened field_175253_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/isBeingRendered field_175254_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mc field_148161_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/width field_148155_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/height field_148158_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/top field_148153_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/bottom field_148154_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/right field_148151_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/left field_148152_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/slotHeight field_148149_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mouseX field_148150_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mouseY field_148162_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/field_148163_i field_148163_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/initialClickY field_148157_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollMultiplier field_148170_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/amountScrolled field_148169_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/selectedElement field_148168_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/lastClicked field_148167_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/field_178041_q field_178041_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/showSelectionBox field_148166_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/hasListHeader field_148165_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/headerPadding field_148160_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollUpButtonID field_148159_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollDownButtonID field_148156_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/enabled field_148164_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/dragging field_146135_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/sliderValue field_146134_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/options field_146133_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/field_146132_r field_146132_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/field_146131_s field_146131_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/locationStreamIndicator field_152441_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/mc field_152442_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/streamAlpha field_152443_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/streamAlphaDelta field_152444_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175269_a field_175269_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175267_f field_175267_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175268_g field_175268_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175270_h field_175270_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175271_i field_175271_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/realmsButton field_154318_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/field_178046_u field_178046_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/field_154330_a field_154330_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/selectionList field_154340_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/field_178050_u field_178050_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/field_146399_a field_146399_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/parentScreen field_146396_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/game_settings field_146400_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/field_146401_i field_146401_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/inputField field_146415_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/logger field_146408_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/historyBuffer field_146410_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/sentHistoryCursor field_146416_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/playerNamesFound field_146417_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/waitingOnAutocomplete field_146414_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/autocompleteIndex field_146413_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/foundPlayerNames field_146412_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/defaultInputFieldText field_146409_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/openLinkWarning field_146363_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/copyLinkButtonText field_146362_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/linkText field_146361_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/showSecurityWarning field_146360_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/parentScreen field_146355_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/messageLine1 field_146351_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/confirmButtonText field_146352_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/cancelButtonText field_146356_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/parentButtonClickedId field_146357_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/messageLine2 field_146354_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/field_175298_s field_175298_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/ticksUntilEnable field_146353_s
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148231_a field_148231_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148229_b field_148229_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148230_c field_148230_c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/CONNECTION_ID field_146372_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/logger field_146370_f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/networkManager field_146371_g
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/cancel field_146373_h
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/previousGuiScreen field_146374_i
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/SHORTCUTS field_175785_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/field_148228_k field_148228_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/field_148227_l field_148227_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/createWorldGui field_146385_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/theFlatGeneratorInfo field_146387_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/flatWorldTitle field_146393_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146394_i field_146394_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146391_r field_146391_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/createFlatWorldListSlotGui field_146390_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146389_t field_146389_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146388_u field_146388_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146386_v field_146386_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnGameMode field_146343_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMoreOptions field_146324_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMapFeatures field_146325_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnBonusItems field_146326_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMapType field_146320_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnAllowCommands field_146321_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnCustomizeType field_146322_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameModeDesc1 field_146323_G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameModeDesc2 field_146328_H
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldSeed field_146329_I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldName field_146330_J
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/selectedIndex field_146331_K
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/disallowedFilenames field_146327_L
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/chunkProviderSettingsJson field_146334_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/parentScreen field_146332_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldNameField field_146333_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldSeedField field_146335_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/saveDirName field_146336_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameMode field_146342_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/savedGameMode field_175300_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/generateStructuresEnabled field_146341_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/allowCheats field_146340_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/allowCheatsWasSetByUser field_146339_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/bonusChestEnabled field_146338_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/hardCoreMode field_146337_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/alreadyGenerated field_146345_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/inMoreWorldOptionsDisplay field_146344_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178955_a field_178955_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178953_b field_178953_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178954_c field_178954_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/field_178053_u field_178053_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/field_178052_v field_178052_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175315_a field_175315_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175310_f field_175310_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175311_g field_175311_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175316_h field_175316_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175317_i field_175317_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175314_r field_175314_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175313_s field_175313_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175312_t field_175312_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/field_178957_a field_178957_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175338_A field_175338_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175339_B field_175339_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175340_C field_175340_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175332_D field_175332_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175334_E field_175334_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175336_F field_175336_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/random field_175337_G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175341_a field_175341_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175333_f field_175333_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175335_g field_175335_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175342_h field_175342_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175343_i field_175343_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175349_r field_175349_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175348_s field_175348_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175347_t field_175347_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175346_u field_175346_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175345_v field_175345_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175344_w field_175344_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175352_x field_175352_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175351_y field_175351_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175350_z field_175350_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/enableButtonsTimer field_146347_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/field_146346_f field_146346_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/logger field_146349_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/field_146348_f field_146348_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146303_a field_146303_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146301_f field_146301_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146302_g field_146302_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/reason field_146306_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/message field_146304_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/multilineMessage field_146305_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/parentScreen field_146307_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/field_175353_i field_175353_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/field_181167_a field_181167_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/parentScreen field_146310_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverData field_146311_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverIPField field_146308_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverNameField field_146309_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverResourcePacks field_152176_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/field_181032_r field_181032_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/field_146313_a field_146313_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/field_146312_f field_146312_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/field_148178_k field_148178_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/langCodeList field_148176_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/languageMap field_148177_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/parentScreen field_146453_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/list field_146450_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/game_settings_3 field_146451_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/languageManager field_146454_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/forceUnicodeFontBtn field_146455_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/confirmSettingsBtn field_146452_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions$1/field_146130_o field_146130_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146442_a field_146442_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146440_f field_146440_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146441_g field_146441_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/game_settings_1 field_146443_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_175357_i field_175357_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_175356_r field_175356_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/field_146445_a field_146445_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/field_146444_f field_146444_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148234_a field_148234_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_179037_b field_179037_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148232_b field_148232_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148233_c field_148233_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/field_148175_k field_148175_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/field_148174_l field_148174_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/FLAT_WORLD_PRESETS field_146431_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/parentScreen field_146432_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/presetsTitle field_146438_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/presetsShare field_146439_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146436_r field_146436_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146435_s field_146435_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146434_t field_146434_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146433_u field_146433_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/field_146591_a field_146591_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/field_146589_f field_146589_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/progress field_146590_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/doneWorking field_146592_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/netHandlerPlayClient field_146594_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/progress field_146593_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/parentScreen field_146585_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/field_146583_f field_146583_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/saveName field_146584_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/LOGGER field_175287_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/PROTOCOLS field_175284_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/NEWLINE_SPLITTER field_175285_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/selectedButton field_146290_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/eventButton field_146287_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mc field_146297_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/itemRender field_146296_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/width field_146294_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/height field_146295_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/buttonList field_146292_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/labelList field_146293_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/allowUserInput field_146291_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/fontRendererObj field_146289_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/lastMouseEvent field_146288_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/touchValue field_146298_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/clickedLinkURI field_175286_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/field_148207_k field_148207_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/renameButton field_146630_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/recreateButton field_146631_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/parentScreen field_146632_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/screenTitle field_146628_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/logger field_146629_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146633_h field_146633_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146634_i field_146634_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/selectedIndex field_146640_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146639_s field_146639_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/availableWorlds field_146638_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146637_u field_146637_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146636_v field_146636_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146635_w field_146635_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/confirmingDelete field_146643_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/deleteButton field_146642_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/selectButton field_146641_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146598_a field_146598_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146596_f field_146596_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146597_g field_146597_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146599_h field_146599_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146600_i field_146600_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/field_175235_o field_175235_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/playerModelParts field_175234_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/parentScreen field_175361_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/title field_175360_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/field_148206_k field_148206_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146608_a field_146608_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/game_settings_2 field_146603_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146604_g field_146604_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146609_h field_146609_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146610_i field_146610_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146607_r field_146607_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146606_s field_146606_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146605_t field_146605_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146156_o field_146156_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146155_p field_146155_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146154_q field_146154_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146153_r field_146153_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146152_s field_146152_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146507_a field_146507_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146505_f field_146505_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/game_settings_4 field_146506_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146508_h field_146508_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/splashTexts field_110353_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/minecraftTitleTextures field_110352_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/titlePanoramaPaths field_73978_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92024_r field_92024_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92023_s field_92023_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92022_t field_92022_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92021_u field_92021_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92020_v field_92020_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92019_w field_92019_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/backgroundTexture field_110351_G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/realmsButton field_175372_K
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_183502_L field_183502_L
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_183503_M field_183503_M
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_96138_a field_96138_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_175373_f field_175373_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/logger field_146974_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/RANDOM field_175374_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/updateCounter field_73974_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/splashText field_73975_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/buttonResetDemo field_73973_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/panoramaTimer field_73979_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/viewportTexture field_73977_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_175375_v field_175375_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/threadLock field_104025_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarning1 field_92025_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarning2 field_146972_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarningLink field_104024_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/screenTitle field_146500_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/parentGuiScreen field_146498_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/guiGameSettings field_146499_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/optionsRowList field_146501_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/videoOptions field_146502_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/logger field_146580_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/MINECRAFT_LOGO field_146576_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/VIGNETTE_TEXTURE field_146577_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146581_h field_146581_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146582_i field_146582_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146579_r field_146579_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146578_s field_146578_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementBg field_146261_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/mc field_146259_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/width field_146260_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/height field_146267_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementTitle field_146268_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementDescription field_146265_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/theAchievement field_146266_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/notificationTime field_146263_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/renderItem field_146264_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/permanentNotification field_146262_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146559_A field_146559_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146560_B field_146560_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/ACHIEVEMENT_BACKGROUND field_146561_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146554_D field_146554_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/statFileWriter field_146556_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/loadingAchievements field_146558_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/parentScreen field_146562_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146555_f field_146555_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146557_g field_146557_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146563_h field_146563_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146564_i field_146564_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146570_r field_146570_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146569_s field_146569_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146568_t field_146568_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146567_u field_146567_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146566_v field_146566_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146565_w field_146565_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146573_x field_146573_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146572_y field_146572_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146571_z field_146571_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/field_148341_a field_148341_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/field_148340_b field_148340_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/field_148221_k field_148221_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/field_148208_k field_148208_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/field_148344_a field_148344_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/field_148343_b field_148343_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/field_148220_k field_148220_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/field_148223_k field_148223_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/field_148222_l field_148222_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148214_q field_148214_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148218_l field_148218_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/statsHolder field_148219_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/statSorter field_148216_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148217_o field_148217_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148215_p field_148215_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/parentScreen field_146549_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/screenTitle field_146542_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/generalStats field_146550_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/itemStats field_146551_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/blockStats field_146548_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/mobStats field_146547_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/field_146546_t field_146546_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/displaySlot field_146545_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doesGuiPauseGame field_146543_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter/lanSearchStates field_146510_b_
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/field_148287_a field_148287_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/labelText field_148285_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/labelWidth field_148286_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/field_148284_a field_148284_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/keybinding field_148282_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/keyDesc field_148283_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/btnChangeKeyBinding field_148280_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/btnReset field_148281_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/field_148191_k field_148191_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/mc field_148189_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/listEntries field_148190_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/maxListLabelWidth field_148188_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/screenTitle field_146495_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/buttonId field_146491_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/time field_152177_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/optionsArr field_146492_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/parentScreen field_146496_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/options field_146497_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/keyBindingList field_146494_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/buttonReset field_146493_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStackDestSlot field_146989_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStackTime field_146990_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStack field_146991_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/currentDragTargetSlot field_146985_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragItemDropDelay field_146986_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingLimit field_146987_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingButton field_146988_G
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/ignoreMouseUp field_146995_H
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingRemnant field_146996_I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickTime field_146997_J
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickSlot field_146998_K
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickButton field_146992_L
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/doubleClick field_146993_M
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/shiftClickedSlot field_146994_N
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/inventoryBackground field_147001_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/xSize field_146999_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/ySize field_147000_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/inventorySlots field_147002_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/guiLeft field_147003_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/guiTop field_147009_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingSlots field_147008_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplitting field_147007_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/theSlot field_147006_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/clickedSlot field_147005_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isRightMouseClick field_147004_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/draggedStack field_147012_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/touchUpX field_147011_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/touchUpY field_147010_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/anvilResource field_147093_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/anvil field_147092_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/nameField field_147091_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/playerInventory field_147094_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$CancelButton/field_146146_o field_146146_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton/field_146147_o field_146147_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146150_o field_146150_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146149_p field_146149_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146148_q field_146148_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146145_o field_146145_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146144_p field_146144_p
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146143_q field_146143_q
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146142_r field_146142_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/logger field_147026_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/beaconGuiTextures field_147025_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/tileBeacon field_147024_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/beaconConfirmButton field_147028_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/buttonsNotDrawn field_147027_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton/field_146151_o field_146151_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/field_175386_A field_175386_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/field_175387_B field_175387_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonNextPage field_146470_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonPreviousPage field_146471_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonDone field_146472_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonSign field_146465_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonFinalize field_146467_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonCancel field_146469_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/logger field_146473_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookGuiTextures field_146466_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/editingPlayer field_146468_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookObj field_146474_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookIsUnsigned field_146475_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookIsModified field_146481_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookGettingSigned field_146480_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateCount field_146479_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookImageWidth field_146478_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookImageHeight field_146477_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookTotalPages field_146476_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/currPage field_146484_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookPages field_146483_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookTitle field_146482_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/brewingStandGuiTextures field_147014_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/playerInventory field_175384_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/tileBrewingStand field_147013_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_146488_a field_146488_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/commandTextField field_146485_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/previousOutputTextField field_146486_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/localCommandBlock field_146489_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/doneBtn field_146490_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/cancelBtn field_146487_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_175390_s field_175390_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_175389_t field_175389_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/CHEST_GUI_TEXTURE field_147017_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/upperChestInventory field_147016_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/lowerChestInventory field_147015_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/inventoryRows field_147018_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/craftingTableGuiTextures field_147019_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/mc field_146109_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/itemList field_148330_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/field_148333_a field_148333_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/slot field_148332_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/searchField field_147062_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147063_B field_147063_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147064_C field_147064_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147057_D field_147057_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147059_E field_147059_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/creativeInventoryTabs field_147061_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147060_v field_147060_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/selectedTabIndex field_147058_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/currentScroll field_147067_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/isScrolling field_147066_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/wasClicking field_147065_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/dispenserInventory field_175377_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/dispenserGuiTextures field_147088_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/playerInventory field_175376_w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/hasActivePotionEffects field_147045_u
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/instance field_148338_a
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/rand field_148336_b
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/namePartsArray field_148337_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147076_A field_147076_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147077_B field_147077_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_GUI_TEXTURE field_147078_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_BOOK_TEXTURE field_147070_D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/MODEL_BOOK field_147072_E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/playerInventory field_175379_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/random field_147074_F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/container field_147075_G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_175380_I field_175380_I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147073_u field_147073_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147071_v field_147071_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147069_w field_147069_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147082_x field_147082_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147081_y field_147081_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147080_z field_147080_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/furnaceGuiTextures field_147087_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/playerInventory field_175383_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/tileFurnace field_147086_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/HOPPER_GUI_TEXTURE field_147085_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/playerInventory field_147084_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/hopperInventory field_147083_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseGuiTextures field_147031_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/playerInventory field_147030_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseInventory field_147029_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseEntity field_147034_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/mousePosx field_147033_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/mousePosY field_147032_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/oldMouseX field_147048_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/oldMouseY field_147047_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant$MerchantButton/field_146157_o field_146157_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/chatComponent field_147040_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/logger field_147039_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/MERCHANT_GUI_TEXTURE field_147038_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/merchant field_147037_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/nextButton field_147043_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/previousButton field_147042_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/selectedMerchantRecipe field_147041_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/tileSign field_146848_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/updateCounter field_146849_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/editLine field_146851_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/doneBtn field_146852_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/lanServerList field_146799_A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/lanServerDetector field_146800_B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/initialized field_146801_C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/logger field_146802_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/oldServerPinger field_146797_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/parentScreen field_146798_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/serverListSelector field_146803_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/savedServerList field_146804_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnEditServer field_146810_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnSelectServer field_146809_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnDeleteServer field_146808_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/deletingServer field_146807_u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/addingServer field_146806_v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/editingServer field_146805_w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/directConnect field_146813_x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/hoveringText field_146812_y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/selectedServer field_146811_z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mc field_148288_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mc field_148293_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148291_b field_148291_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148292_c field_148292_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148290_d field_148290_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal$1/field_148521_a field_148521_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/logger field_148304_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148302_b field_148302_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/UNKNOWN_SERVER field_178015_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/SERVER_SELECTION_BUTTONS field_178014_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/owner field_148303_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mc field_148300_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/server field_148301_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/serverIcon field_148306_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148299_g field_148299_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148305_h field_148305_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148298_f field_148298_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/owner field_148200_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/serverListInternet field_148198_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/serverListLan field_148199_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/lanScanEntry field_148196_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/selectedSlotIndex field_148197_o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/logger field_146968_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/parentScreen field_146965_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/availableResourcePacks field_146966_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/selectedResourcePacks field_146969_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/availableResourcePacksList field_146970_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/selectedResourcePacksList field_146967_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/changed field_175289_s
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry$1/field_183004_a field_183004_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mc field_148317_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/resourcePacksGUI field_148315_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/RESOURCE_PACKS_TEXTURE field_148316_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183020_d field_183020_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183021_e field_183021_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183022_f field_183022_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/logger field_148322_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/field_148320_d field_148320_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/resourcePackIcon field_148321_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/field_148319_c field_148319_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/mc field_148205_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/field_148204_l field_148204_l
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/field_152435_k field_152435_k
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152309_a field_152309_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152310_f field_152310_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152311_g field_152311_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152312_a field_152312_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152316_f field_152316_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/parentScreen field_152317_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152318_h field_152318_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152319_i field_152319_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152313_r field_152313_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152314_s field_152314_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152315_t field_152315_t
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/field_71494_a field_71494_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/field_71496_a field_71496_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/field_71490_a field_71490_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/field_71492_a field_71492_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/field_71486_a field_71486_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/field_71488_a field_71488_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/field_83004_a field_83004_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/logger field_147150_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/description field_71513_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/cause field_71511_b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/theReportCategory field_85061_c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/crashReportSections field_71512_c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/crashReportFile field_71510_d
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/firstCategoryInCrashReport field_85059_f
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/stacktrace field_85060_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152577_a field_152577_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152578_b field_152578_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152579_c field_152579_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/NO_FBO a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/LIBRARY_ARCH_MISMATCH b
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/LIBRARY_FAILURE c
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_WINDOWS d
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_MAC e
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_OTHER f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/ACCOUNT_NOT_MIGRATED g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/ACCOUNT_NOT_BOUND h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH_ERROR j
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/INITIALIZATION_FAILURE k
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNKNOWN l
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/field_152574_m field_152574_m
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/field_152575_n field_152575_n
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152322_a field_152322_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152324_f field_152324_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/parentScreen field_152325_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152326_h field_152326_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152327_i field_152327_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152323_r field_152323_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152331_a field_152331_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152335_f field_152335_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152336_g field_152336_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152337_h field_152337_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152338_i field_152338_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152332_r field_152332_r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/stream field_152333_s
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152334_t field_152334_t
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/profile field_178668_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/resourceLocation field_178667_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/field_178671_a field_178671_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/field_178666_a field_178666_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/field_178665_b field_178665_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178657_a field_178657_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178655_b field_178655_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178656_c field_178656_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178653_d field_178653_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178654_e field_178654_e
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178651_f field_178651_f
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178652_g field_178652_g
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178659_h field_178659_h
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178660_i field_178660_i
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178658_j field_178658_j
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178684_a field_178684_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178682_b field_178682_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178683_c field_178683_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/field_178674_a field_178674_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/field_178673_b field_178673_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178678_a field_178678_a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178676_b field_178676_b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178677_c field_178677_c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178675_d field_178675_d
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/field_178672_a field_178672_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/width field_178764_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/height field_178762_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/fullscreen field_178763_c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/checkGlErrors field_178761_d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/mcDataDir field_178760_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/resourcePacksDir field_178758_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/assetsDir field_178759_c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/assetIndex field_178757_d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$GameInformation/isDemo field_178756_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$GameInformation/version field_178755_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$ServerInformation/serverName field_178754_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$ServerInformation/serverPort field_178753_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/session field_178752_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/userProperties field_178750_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/profileProperties field_181172_c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/proxy field_178751_c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/userInfo field_178745_a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/displayInfo field_178743_b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/folderInfo field_178744_c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/gameInfo field_178741_d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/serverInfo field_178742_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standRightSide field_178740_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standLeftSide field_178738_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standWaist field_178739_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standBase field_178737_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerSlate field_178690_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerStand field_178688_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerTop field_178689_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batHead field_82895_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batBody field_82893_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batRightWing field_82894_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batLeftWing field_82891_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batOuterRightWing field_82892_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batOuterLeftWing field_82890_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/blazeSticks field_78106_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/blazeHead field_78105_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat/boatSides field_78103_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/coverRight field_78102_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/coverLeft field_78100_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/pagesRight field_78101_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/pagesLeft field_78098_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/flippingPageRight field_78099_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/flippingPageLeft field_78096_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/bookSpine field_78097_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestLid field_78234_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestBelow field_78232_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestKnob field_78233_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/head field_78142_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/body field_78140_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/rightLeg field_78141_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/leftLeg field_78138_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/rightWing field_78139_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/leftWing field_78136_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/bill field_78137_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/chin field_78143_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/head field_78135_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/creeperArmor field_78133_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/body field_78134_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg1 field_78131_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg2 field_78132_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg3 field_78129_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg4 field_78130_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/isCarrying field_78126_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/isAttacking field_78125_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178716_a field_178716_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178714_b field_178714_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178715_c field_178715_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178713_d field_178713_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/body field_78128_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/tentacles field_78127_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianBody field_178710_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianEye field_178708_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianSpines field_178709_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianTail field_178707_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftLeg field_110688_A
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftShin field_110689_B
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftHoof field_110690_C
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightLeg field_110684_D
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightShin field_110685_E
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightHoof field_110686_F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleLeftChest field_110687_G
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleRightChest field_110695_H
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleBottom field_110696_I
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleFront field_110697_J
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleBack field_110698_K
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftSaddleRope field_110691_L
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftSaddleMetal field_110692_M
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightSaddleRope field_110693_N
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightSaddleMetal field_110694_O
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftFaceMetal field_110700_P
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightFaceMetal field_110699_Q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftRein field_110702_R
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightRein field_110701_S
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/head field_110709_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/field_178711_b field_178711_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/field_178712_c field_178712_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftEar field_110705_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightEar field_110706_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleLeftEar field_110703_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleRightEar field_110704_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/neck field_110716_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseFaceRopes field_110717_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/mane field_110714_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/body field_110715_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailBase field_110712_l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailMiddle field_110713_m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailTip field_110710_n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftLeg field_110711_o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftShin field_110719_v
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftHoof field_110718_w
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightLeg field_110722_x
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightShin field_110721_y
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightHoof field_110720_z
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/head field_178717_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedHead field_78116_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedHeadwear field_178720_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedBody field_78115_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedRightArm field_178723_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedLeftArm field_178724_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedRightLeg field_178721_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedLeftLeg field_178722_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/heldItemLeft field_78119_l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/heldItemRight field_78120_m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/isSneak field_78117_n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/aimedBow field_78118_o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/segments field_78109_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/core field_78108_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/field_110723_a field_110723_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart/sideModels field_78154_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/modelTextureMap field_78094_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/swingProgress field_78095_p
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/isRiding field_78093_q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/isChild field_78091_s
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/boxList field_78092_r
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/textureWidth field_78090_t
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/textureHeight field_78089_u
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBackLeftLeg field_78161_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBackRightLeg field_78159_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotFrontLeftLeg field_78160_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotFrontRightLeg field_78157_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotTail field_78158_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotTail2 field_78155_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotHead field_78156_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBody field_78162_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/field_78163_i field_78163_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedLeftArmwear field_178734_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedRightArmwear field_178732_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedLeftLegwear field_178733_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedRightLegwear field_178731_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedBodyWear field_178730_v
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedCape field_178729_w
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedDeadmau5Head field_178736_x
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/smallArms field_178735_y
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/vertexPositions field_78239_a
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/nVertices field_78237_b
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/invertNormal field_78238_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/head field_78150_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/body field_78148_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg1 field_78149_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg2 field_78146_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg3 field_78147_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg4 field_78144_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/childYOffset field_78145_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/childZOffset field_78151_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftFoot field_178698_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightFoot field_178696_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftThigh field_178697_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightThigh field_178694_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitBody field_178695_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftArm field_178692_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightArm field_178693_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitHead field_178704_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightEar field_178705_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftEar field_178702_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitTail field_178703_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitNose field_178700_l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/field_178701_m field_178701_m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/field_178699_n field_178699_n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/headRotationAngleX field_78152_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/headRotationAngleX field_78153_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/signBoard field_78166_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/signStick field_78165_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishBodyParts field_78171_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishWings field_78169_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/field_78170_c field_78170_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishBoxLength field_78167_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishTexturePositions field_78168_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/skeletonHead field_82896_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeBodies field_78200_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeRightEye field_78198_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeLeftEye field_78199_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeMouth field_78197_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/body field_78196_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/bottomBody field_78194_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/head field_78195_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/rightHand field_78192_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/leftHand field_78193_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderHead field_78209_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderNeck field_78207_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderBody field_78208_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg1 field_78205_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg2 field_78206_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg3 field_78203_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg4 field_78204_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg5 field_78212_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg6 field_78213_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg7 field_78210_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg8 field_78211_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/squidBody field_78202_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/squidTentacles field_78201_b
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/vector3D field_78243_a
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/texturePositionX field_78241_b
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/texturePositionY field_78242_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemHead field_78178_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemBody field_78176_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemRightArm field_78177_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemLeftArm field_78174_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemLeftLeg field_78175_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemRightLeg field_78173_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerHead field_78191_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerBody field_78189_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerArms field_78190_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/rightVillagerLeg field_78187_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/leftVillagerLeg field_78188_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerNose field_82898_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/field_82900_g field_82900_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/field_82901_h field_82901_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/witchHat field_82902_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/field_82905_a field_82905_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/field_82904_b field_82904_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfHeadMain field_78185_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfBody field_78183_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg1 field_78184_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg2 field_78181_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg3 field_78182_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg4 field_78179_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfTail field_78180_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfMane field_78186_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/head field_78221_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/spine field_78219_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/jaw field_78220_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/body field_78217_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearLeg field_78218_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontLeg field_78215_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearLegTip field_78216_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontLegTip field_78226_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearFoot field_78227_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontFoot field_78224_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/wing field_78225_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/wingTip field_78222_l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/partialTicks field_78223_m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/cube field_78230_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/glass field_78228_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/base field_78229_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posX1 field_78252_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posY1 field_78250_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posZ1 field_78251_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posX2 field_78248_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posY2 field_78249_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posZ2 field_78246_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/boxName field_78247_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/vertexPositions field_78253_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/quadList field_78254_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureWidth field_78801_a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureHeight field_78799_b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointX field_78800_c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointY field_78797_d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointZ field_78798_e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleX field_78795_f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleY field_78796_g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleZ field_78808_h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/mirror field_78809_i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/showModel field_78806_j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/isHidden field_78807_k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/cubeList field_78804_l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/childModels field_78805_m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/boxName field_78802_n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetX field_82906_o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetY field_82908_p
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetZ field_82907_q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureOffsetX field_78803_o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureOffsetY field_78813_p
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/compiled field_78812_q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/displayList field_78811_r
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/baseModel field_78810_s
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset/textureOffsetX field_78783_a
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset/textureOffsetY field_78782_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/field_147495_a field_147495_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/field_147494_b field_147494_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/logger field_147396_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/mc field_147394_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/previousGuiScreen field_147395_c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/networkManager field_147393_d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/gameProfile field_175091_e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/field_146300_a field_146300_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/field_146299_f field_146299_f
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/field_178897_a field_178897_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/field_178896_b field_178896_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/field_178886_a field_178886_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1/field_175395_a field_175395_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178900_a field_178900_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178898_b field_178898_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178899_c field_178899_c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$4/field_178885_a field_178885_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$4/field_178884_b field_178884_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/currentServerMaxPlayers field_147304_c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/logger field_147301_d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/netManager field_147302_e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/profile field_175107_d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/guiScreenServer field_147307_j
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/gameController field_147299_f
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/clientWorldController field_147300_g
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/doneLoadingTerrain field_147309_h
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/playerInfoMap field_147310_i
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/field_147308_k field_147308_k
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/avRandomizer field_147306_l
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/logger field_147436_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/blankChunk field_73238_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkMapping field_73236_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkListing field_73237_c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/worldObj field_73235_d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/mc field_78776_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/netClientHandler field_78774_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentBlock field_178895_c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentItemHittingBlock field_85183_f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/curBlockDamageMP field_78770_f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/stepSoundTickCounter field_78780_h
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/blockHitDelay field_78781_i
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isHittingBlock field_78778_j
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentGameType field_78779_k
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentPlayerItem field_78777_l
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/field_78833_a field_78833_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/field_78835_a field_78835_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/field_142027_a field_142027_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/field_142029_a field_142029_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/mc field_73037_M
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/previousActiveChunkSet field_73038_N
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/sendQueue field_73035_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/clientChunkProvider field_73033_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/entityList field_73032_d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/entitySpawnQueue field_73036_L
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$1/field_177224_a field_177224_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$2/field_178875_a field_178875_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/gameProfile field_178867_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/gameType field_178866_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/responseTime field_78829_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/playerTexturesLoaded field_178864_d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/locationSkin field_178865_e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/locationCape field_178862_f
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/skinType field_178863_g
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/displayName field_178872_h
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178873_i field_178873_i
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178870_j field_178870_j
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178871_k field_178871_k
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178868_l field_178868_l
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178869_m field_178869_m
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/ipAddress field_78866_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/serverPort field_78865_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/ENABLED a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/DISABLED b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/PROMPT c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/motd field_152594_d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverName field_78847_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverIP field_78845_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/populationInfo field_78846_c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverMOTD field_78843_d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/pingToServer field_78844_e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/version field_82821_f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/gameVersion field_82822_g
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/field_78841_f field_78841_f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/playerList field_147412_i
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/resourceMode field_152587_j
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverIcon field_147411_m
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/lanServer field_181042_l
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/logger field_147415_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/mc field_78859_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/servers field_78858_b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147404_b field_147404_b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147406_a field_147406_a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147405_c field_147405_c
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147403_d field_147403_d
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_183009_e field_183009_e
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_175092_e field_175092_e
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/field_147220_a field_147220_a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147218_a field_147218_a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147216_b field_147216_b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147217_c field_147217_c
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/PING_RESPONSE_SPLITTER field_147230_a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/logger field_147228_b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/pingDestinations field_147229_c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/field_174839_a field_174839_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/materialType field_70563_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/bobTimer field_70564_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/field_70565_a field_70565_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordY field_70567_ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordZ field_70566_as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordX field_70568_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/baseTextureIndex field_92049_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/twinkle field_92048_ay
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/field_92047_az field_92047_az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourRed field_92050_aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourGreen field_92051_aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourBlue field_92052_aC
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/hasFadeColour field_92053_aD
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/trail field_92054_ax
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/twinkle field_92041_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/theEffectRenderer field_92040_ay
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/fireworkExplosions field_92039_az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/fireworkAge field_92042_ax
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/flameScale field_70562_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/FOOTPRINT_TEXTURE field_110126_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/footstepMaxAge field_70578_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/currentFootSteps field_70577_ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/footstepAge field_70576_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/particleScaleOverTime field_70575_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/EXPLOSION_TEXTURE field_110127_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70581_a field_70581_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70584_aq field_70584_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/theRenderEngine field_70583_ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70582_as field_70582_as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_181549_az field_181549_az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/timeSinceStart field_70579_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/maximumTime field_70580_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174840_a field_174840_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/age field_70594_ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/maxAge field_70593_as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174841_aA field_174841_aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174842_aB field_174842_aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174843_ax field_174843_ax
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/lavaParticleScale field_70586_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/entity field_174844_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/noteParticleScale field_70585_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleRed field_70552_h
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleGreen field_70553_i
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleBlue field_70551_j
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleAlpha field_82339_as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleIcon field_70550_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosX field_70556_an
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosY field_70554_ao
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosZ field_70555_ap
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureIndexX field_94054_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureIndexY field_94055_c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureJitterX field_70548_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureJitterY field_70549_c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleAge field_70546_d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleMaxAge field_70547_e
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleScale field_70544_f
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleGravity field_70545_g
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/field_147214_a field_147214_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/field_147213_b field_147213_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/field_147898_a field_147898_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/field_147897_b field_147897_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/field_147901_a field_147901_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/field_147900_b field_147900_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/field_147904_a field_147904_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/field_147903_b field_147903_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/worldObj field_78878_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleTextures field_110737_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/fxLayers field_78876_b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleEmitters field_178933_d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderer field_78877_c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/rand field_78875_d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleTypes field_178932_g
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/field_70569_a field_70569_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalParticleScale field_70571_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosY field_70573_ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosZ field_70572_as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosX field_70574_aq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/reddustParticleScale field_70570_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/smokeParticleScale field_70587_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/snowDigParticleScale field_70588_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/RANDOM field_174848_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/baseSpellTextureIndex field_70590_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/sourceState field_174847_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/sourcePos field_181019_az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/attachedEntity field_174851_a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/lifetime field_174850_ay
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/particleTypes field_174849_az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/age field_174852_ax
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/playerInfo field_175157_a
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/moveStrafe field_78902_a
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/moveForward field_78900_b
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/jump field_78901_c
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/sneak field_78899_d
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions/gameSettings field_78903_e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendQueue field_71174_a
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/movementInput field_71158_b
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/timeInPortal field_71086_bY
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevTimeInPortal field_71080_cy
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/statWriter field_146108_bO
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosX field_175172_bI
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosY field_175166_bJ
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosZ field_175167_bK
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedYaw field_175164_bL
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPitch field_175165_bM
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/serverSneakState field_175170_bN
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/serverSprintState field_175171_bO
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/positionUpdateTicks field_175168_bP
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/hasValidHealth field_175169_bQ
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/clientBrand field_142022_ce
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/horseJumpPowerCounter field_110320_a
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/horseJumpPower field_110321_bQ
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/mc field_71159_c
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sprintToggleTimer field_71156_d
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sprintingTicksLeft field_71157_e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/renderArmYaw field_71154_f
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/renderArmPitch field_71155_g
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevRenderArmYaw field_71163_h
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevRenderArmPitch field_71164_i
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/isItemInUse field_71186_a
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPPosRotationIncrements field_71184_b
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPX field_71185_c
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPY field_71182_d
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPZ field_71183_e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPYaw field_71180_f
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPPitch field_71181_g
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/guiID field_175126_a
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/displayName field_175125_b
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/guiID field_174896_a
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/field_174895_b field_174895_b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/healthScale field_82828_a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/statusBarTime field_82826_b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/bossName field_82827_c
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/hasColorModifier field_82825_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/field_181659_a field_181659_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/field_181660_b field_181660_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$2/field_181661_a field_181661_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/field_179021_a field_179021_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/stateRawBuffer field_179019_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/stateVertexFormat field_179018_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/byteBuffer field_179001_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawIntBuffer field_178999_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawShortBuffer field_181676_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawFloatBuffer field_179000_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexCount field_178997_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormatElement field_181677_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormatIndex field_181678_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/noColor field_78939_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/drawMode field_179006_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/xOffset field_179004_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/yOffset field_179005_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/zOffset field_179002_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormat field_179011_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/isDrawing field_179010_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader$1/field_178958_a field_178958_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/DEFAULT_STATE field_175632_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/position field_175633_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/combinedLights field_175634_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/blockStates field_175635_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/worldRenderers field_179040_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/renderChunks field_178009_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/initialized field_178007_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityX field_178008_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityY field_178005_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityZ field_178006_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/instance field_147719_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/field_147717_b field_147717_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/field_147718_c field_147718_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/enderChest field_147716_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/banner field_179024_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/skull field_179023_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/SOUTH_INDEX field_179181_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/UP_INDEX field_179179_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/EAST_INDEX field_179180_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/NORTH_INDEX field_179177_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/DOWN_INDEX field_179178_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/WEST_INDEX field_179176_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/xIndex field_179184_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/yIndex field_179182_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/zIndex field_179183_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/facings field_179029_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/vertexInfos field_179035_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/field_90032_a field_90032_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/field_90025_c field_90025_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_181048_a field_181048_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_181049_b field_181049_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_90028_b field_90028_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/field_181046_a field_181046_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/field_181047_b field_181047_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/bossColorModifierPrev field_82832_V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cloudFog field_78500_U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderHand field_175074_C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/drawBlockOutline field_175073_D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/prevFrameTime field_78508_Y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderEndNanoTime field_78510_Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapTexture field_78513_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapColors field_78504_Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationLightMap field_110922_T
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapUpdateNeeded field_78536_aa
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/torchFlickerX field_78514_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/torchFlickerDX field_175075_L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainSoundCounter field_78534_ac
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainXCoords field_175076_N
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainYCoords field_175077_O
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorBuffer field_78521_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorRed field_175080_Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorGreen field_175082_R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorBlue field_175081_S
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColor2 field_78535_ad
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColor1 field_78539_ae
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/debugViewDirection field_175079_V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/debugView field_175078_W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraZoom field_78503_V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraYaw field_78502_W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraPitch field_78509_X
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/anaglyphEnable field_78517_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/theShaderGroup field_147707_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderResourceLocations field_147712_ad
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderIndex field_147713_ae
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/useShader field_175083_ad
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/frameCount field_175084_ae
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/anaglyphField field_78515_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/itemRenderer field_78516_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderCount field_147708_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/logger field_147710_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationRainPng field_110924_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationSnowPng field_110923_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mc field_78531_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/resourceManager field_147711_ac
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/random field_78537_ab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/farPlaneDistance field_78530_s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/theMapItemRenderer field_147709_v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rendererUpdateCount field_78529_t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/pointedEntity field_78528_u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mouseFilterXAxis field_78527_v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mouseFilterYAxis field_78526_w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/thirdPersonDistance field_78490_B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/thirdPersonDistanceTemp field_78491_C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamYaw field_78496_H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamPitch field_78497_I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamFilterX field_78498_J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamFilterY field_78499_K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamPartialTicks field_78492_L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fovModifierHand field_78507_R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fovModifierHandPrev field_78506_S
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/bossColorModifier field_82831_U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$1/field_179175_a field_179175_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/alphaTest field_179208_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/func field_179206_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/ref field_179207_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/blend field_179213_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/srcFactor field_179211_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/dstFactor field_179212_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/srcFactorAlpha field_179209_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/dstFactorAlpha field_179210_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/capability field_179202_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/currentState field_179201_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/depth field_179205_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/color field_179203_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/field_179204_c field_179204_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/red field_179195_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/green field_179193_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/blue field_179194_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/alpha field_179192_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorLogicState/colorLogicOp field_179197_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorLogicState/opcode field_179196_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/red field_179188_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/green field_179186_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/blue field_179187_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/alpha field_179185_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/colorMaterial field_179191_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/face field_179189_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/mode field_179190_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$CullState/cullFace field_179054_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$CullState/mode field_179053_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/depthTest field_179052_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/maskEnabled field_179050_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/depthFunc field_179051_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/fog field_179049_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/mode field_179047_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/density field_179048_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/start field_179045_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/end field_179046_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/polygonOffsetFill field_179044_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/polygonOffsetLine field_179042_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/factor field_179043_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/units field_179041_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179081_a field_179081_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179079_b field_179079_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179080_c field_179080_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179078_a field_179078_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179076_b field_179076_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179077_c field_179077_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179074_d field_179074_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179075_e field_179075_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/S a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/T b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/R c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/Q d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/textureGen field_179067_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/coord field_179065_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/param field_179066_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/s field_179064_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/t field_179062_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/r field_179063_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/q field_179061_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TextureState/texture2DState field_179060_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TextureState/textureName field_179059_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/alphaState field_179160_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/lightingState field_179158_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/lightState field_179159_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaterialState field_179156_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/blendState field_179157_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthState field_179154_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/fogState field_179155_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/cullState field_179167_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/polygonOffsetState field_179168_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorLogicState field_179165_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGenState field_179166_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearState field_179163_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/stencilState field_179164_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/normalizeState field_179161_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/activeTextureUnit field_179162_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/textureState field_179174_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/activeShadeModel field_179173_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/rescaleNormalState field_179172_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaskState field_179171_s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorState field_179170_t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer$1/field_178094_a field_178094_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/RES_MAP_BACKGROUND field_110931_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/RES_UNDERWATER_OVERLAY field_110929_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/mc field_78455_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/itemToRender field_78453_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/equippedProgress field_78454_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/prevEquippedProgress field_78451_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderManager field_178111_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/itemRenderer field_178112_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/equippedItemSlot field_78450_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/simpleShapes field_178093_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/simpleShapesCache field_178091_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/shapers field_178092_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/modelManager field_178090_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85101_a field_85101_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85099_b field_85099_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85100_c field_85100_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85098_d field_85098_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$2/field_178037_a field_178037_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/renderChunk field_178036_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/facing field_178034_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/setFacing field_178035_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/counter field_178032_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/field_178033_e field_178033_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/entityOutlineFramebuffer field_175015_z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/entityOutlineShader field_174991_A
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosX field_174992_B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosY field_174993_C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosZ field_174987_D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkX field_174988_E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkY field_174989_F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkZ field_174990_G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityX field_174997_H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityY field_174998_I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityZ field_174999_J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityPitch field_175000_K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityYaw field_174994_L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderDispatcher field_174995_M
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderContainer field_174996_N
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderDistanceChunks field_72739_F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntitiesStartupCounter field_72740_G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesTotal field_72748_H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesRendered field_72749_I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesHidden field_72750_J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugFixTerrainFrustum field_175002_T
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugFixedClippingHelper field_175001_U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugTerrainMatrix field_175004_V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugTerrainFrustumPosition field_175003_W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/vboEnabled field_175005_X
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortX field_147596_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderChunkFactory field_175007_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortY field_147597_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortZ field_147602_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/displayListEntitiesDirty field_147595_R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/logger field_147599_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationMoonPhasesPng field_110927_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationSunPng field_110928_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationCloudsPng field_110925_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationEndSkyPng field_110926_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationForcefieldPng field_175006_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/mc field_72777_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEngine field_72770_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderManager field_175010_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/theWorld field_72769_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/chunksToUpdate field_175009_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderInfos field_72755_R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setTileEntities field_181024_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/viewFrustum field_175008_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/starGLCallList field_72772_v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/glSkyList field_72771_w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/glSkyList2 field_72781_x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/vertexBufferFormat field_175014_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/starVBO field_175013_s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/skyVBO field_175012_t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/sky2VBO field_175011_u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/cloudTickCounter field_72773_u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/damagedBlocks field_72738_E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/mapSoundPositions field_147593_P
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/destroyBlockIcons field_94141_F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageData field_78438_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageWidth field_78436_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageHeight field_78437_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTextureWidth field_147622_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTextureHeight field_147620_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferWidth field_147621_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferHeight field_147618_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/useDepth field_147619_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferObject field_147616_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTexture field_147617_g
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/depthBuffer field_147624_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferColor field_147625_i
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferFilter field_147623_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/worldRenderer field_178183_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/vboUploader field_178182_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/instance field_78398_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/vertexBuffer field_178179_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/renderGlobal field_178169_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/world field_178167_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksY field_178168_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksX field_178165_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksZ field_178166_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/renderChunks field_178164_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$1/field_178143_a field_178143_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$2/field_178136_a field_178136_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$3/field_178137_a field_178137_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$4/field_178134_a field_178134_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$5/field_178135_a field_178135_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$6/field_178139_a field_178139_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$7/field_178138_a field_178138_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$8/field_178257_a field_178257_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/bakedModelStore field_178129_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/blockStateMapper field_178127_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/modelManager field_178128_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/blockModelShapes field_175028_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/gameSettings field_175026_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/blockModelRenderer field_175027_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/chestRenderer field_175024_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/fluidRenderer field_175025_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/atlasSpritesLava field_178272_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/atlasSpritesWater field_178271_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$1/field_178290_a field_178290_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178276_g field_178276_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178288_h field_178288_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178289_i field_178289_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178286_j field_178286_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178287_k field_178287_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178284_l field_178284_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178285_m field_178285_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/VALUES field_178282_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/field_178208_a field_178208_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/vertexColorMultiplier field_178206_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/vertexBrightness field_178207_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178191_g field_178191_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178200_h field_178200_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178201_i field_178201_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178198_j field_178198_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/VALUES field_178199_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_DOWN g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_UP h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_NORTH i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_SOUTH j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_WEST k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_EAST l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/field_178229_m field_178229_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/vertexData field_178215_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/tintIndex field_178213_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/face field_178214_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$1/field_178234_a field_178234_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/positionFrom field_178241_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/positionTo field_178239_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/mapFaces field_178240_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/partRotation field_178237_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/shade field_178238_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/FACING_DEFAULT field_178246_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/cullFace field_178244_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/tintIndex field_178245_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/texture field_178242_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/blockFaceUV field_178243_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/origin field_178344_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/axis field_178342_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/angle field_178343_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/rescale field_178341_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/uvs field_178351_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/rotation field_178350_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep/model field_178324_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep/modelExt field_178323_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/SERIALIZER field_178319_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/name field_178317_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/textures field_178318_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/parent field_178315_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/parentLocation field_178316_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/LOGGER field_178313_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/elements field_178314_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/gui3d field_178321_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/ambientOcclusion field_178322_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/cameraTransforms field_178320_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException/field_178438_a field_178438_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/modelLocation field_178437_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/modelRotation field_178435_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/uvLock field_178436_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/weight field_178434_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/name field_178423_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/listVariants field_178422_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/GSON field_178333_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/mapVariants field_178332_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour$1/field_178419_a field_178419_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/texture field_178218_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery$1/field_178400_a field_178400_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery$1/field_178399_b field_178399_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/SCALE_ROTATION_22_5 field_178418_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/SCALE_ROTATION_GENERAL field_178417_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$1/field_178390_a field_178390_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/spanFacing field_178389_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178387_b field_178387_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178388_c field_178388_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178386_d field_178386_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/UP a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/DOWN b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/LEFT c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/RIGHT d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/facing field_178376_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/field_178373_f field_178373_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/field_178374_g field_178374_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/LAYERS field_178398_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/ROTATION_DEFAULT field_178362_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/TRANSLATION_DEFAULT field_178360_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/SCALE_DEFAULT field_178361_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/DEFAULT field_178366_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/rotation field_178364_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/translation field_178365_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/scale field_178363_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$1/field_181684_a field_181684_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/NONE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/THIRD_PERSON b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/FIRST_PERSON c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/HEAD d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/GUI e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/GROUND f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/FIXED g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/DEFAULT field_178357_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181690_b field_181690_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181691_c field_181691_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181692_d field_181692_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181693_e field_181693_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181694_f field_181694_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181695_g field_181695_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181696_h field_181696_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181697_i field_181697_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181698_j field_181698_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/thirdPerson field_178355_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/firstPerson field_178356_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/head field_178353_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/gui field_178354_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/ground field_181699_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/fixed field_181700_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/mapStateModelLocations field_178133_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/blockStateMap field_178450_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/setBuiltInBlocks field_178449_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/name field_178445_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/suffix field_178443_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/ignored field_178444_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/name field_178142_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/suffix field_178141_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/ignored field_178140_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture/systemTime field_178472_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture/bannerTexture field_178471_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/DESIGNS field_178466_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/BANNERTEXTURES field_178464_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/bannerModel field_178465_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/beaconBeam field_147523_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/instance field_147556_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerX field_147554_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerY field_147555_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerZ field_147552_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderEngine field_147553_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/worldObj field_147550_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entity field_147551_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityYaw field_147562_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityPitch field_147563_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityX field_147560_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityY field_147561_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityZ field_147558_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/mapSpecialRenderers field_147559_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/fontRenderer field_147557_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/DESTROY_STAGES field_178460_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/rendererDispatcher field_147501_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureTrappedDouble field_147507_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureChristmasDouble field_147508_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureNormalDouble field_147505_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureTrapped field_147506_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureChristmas field_147503_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureNormal field_147504_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/simpleChest field_147510_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/largeChest field_147511_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/isChristmas field_147509_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/TEXTURE_BOOK field_147540_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/field_147541_c field_147541_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/ENDER_CHEST_TEXTURE field_147520_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/field_147521_c field_147521_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/blockRenderer field_178462_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/SIGN_TEXTURE field_147513_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/model field_147514_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer$1/field_178458_a field_178458_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/instance field_147536_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/SKELETON_TEXTURES field_147537_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/WITHER_SKELETON_TEXTURES field_147534_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/ZOMBIE_TEXTURES field_147535_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/CREEPER_TEXTURES field_147532_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/skeletonHead field_178467_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/humanoidHead field_178468_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/field_147528_b field_147528_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/END_SKY_TEXTURE field_147529_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/END_PORTAL_TEXTURE field_147526_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/field_147527_e field_147527_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/PENDING a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/COMPILING b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/UPLOADING c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/DONE d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/REBUILD_CHUNK a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/RESORT_TRANSPARENCY b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/renderChunk field_178553_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/lock field_178551_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/listFinishRunnables field_178552_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/type field_178549_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/regionRenderCacheBuilder field_178550_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/compiledChunk field_178547_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/status field_178548_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/finished field_178554_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/field_178527_a field_178527_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/field_178526_b field_178526_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/field_178529_a field_178529_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/field_178528_b field_178528_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178534_a field_178534_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178532_b field_178532_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178533_c field_178533_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178530_d field_178530_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178531_e field_178531_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/logger field_178523_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/threadFactory field_178521_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/listThreadedWorkers field_178522_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueChunkUpdates field_178519_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueFreeRenderBuilders field_178520_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/worldVertexUploader field_178517_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/vertexUploader field_178518_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueChunkUploads field_178524_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/renderWorker field_178525_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/field_178480_a field_178480_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/field_178479_b field_178479_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178484_a field_178484_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178482_b field_178482_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178483_c field_178483_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/LOGGER field_152478_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/chunkRenderDispatcher field_178477_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/regionRenderCacheBuilder field_178478_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/DUMMY field_178502_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/layersUsed field_178500_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/layersStarted field_178501_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/empty field_178498_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/tileEntities field_178499_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setVisibility field_178496_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/state field_178497_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/baseDisplayList field_178601_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/renderChunksUpdated field_178592_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/compiledChunk field_178590_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/boundingBox field_178591_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/world field_178588_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/renderGlobal field_178589_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/position field_178586_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/lockCompileTask field_178587_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/lockCompiledChunk field_178598_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/compileTask field_178599_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setTileEntities field_181056_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/index field_178596_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/modelviewMatrix field_178597_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/vertexBuffers field_178594_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/frameIndex field_178595_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/needsUpdate field_178593_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/mapEnumFacing field_181702_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph$1/field_178617_a field_178617_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178616_a field_178616_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178614_b field_178614_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178615_c field_178615_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178612_d field_178612_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178613_e field_178613_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178611_f field_178611_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/COUNT_FACES field_178623_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/bitSet field_178622_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/instance field_78563_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/projectionMatrixBuffer field_78561_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/modelviewMatrixBuffer field_78562_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/field_78564_h field_78564_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/clippingHelper field_78552_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/xPosition field_78550_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/yPosition field_78551_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/zPosition field_78549_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/frustum field_78557_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/projectionMatrix field_178625_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/modelviewMatrix field_178626_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/clippingMatrix field_78554_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer$1/field_177196_a field_177196_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/TEXTURE_ARMOR_STAND field_177103_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/arrowTextures field_110780_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/batTextures field_110835_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/blazeTextures field_110837_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/modelBoat field_76998_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/boatTextures field_110782_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/caveSpiderTextures field_110893_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/chickenTextures field_110920_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/cowTextures field_110833_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/creeperTextures field_110830_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/enderCrystalTextures field_110787_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/modelEnderCrystal field_76995_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/modelDragon field_77084_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonCrystalBeamTextures field_110843_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonExplodingTextures field_110842_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonTextures field_110844_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/endermanTextures field_110839_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/endermanModel field_77078_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/rnd field_77077_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/ENDERMITE_TEXTURES field_177108_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEngine field_78724_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/worldObj field_78722_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/livingPlayer field_78734_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/pointedEntity field_147941_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerViewY field_78735_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerViewX field_78732_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/options field_78733_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosX field_78730_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosY field_78731_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosZ field_78728_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/entityRenderMap field_78729_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/skinMap field_178636_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerRenderer field_178637_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/textRenderer field_78736_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosX field_78725_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosY field_78726_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosZ field_78723_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderOutlines field_178639_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderShadow field_178638_s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/debugBoundingBox field_85095_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowTextures field_110778_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderManager field_76990_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowSize field_76989_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowOpaque field_76987_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/experienceOrbTextures field_110785_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/scale field_77002_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/FISH_PARTICLES field_110792_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/field_111101_a field_111101_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/field_111100_b field_111100_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/ghastTextures field_110869_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/ghastShootingTextures field_110868_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie$1/field_177197_a field_177197_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/zombieTextures field_110871_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/scale field_77073_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/field_177115_a field_177115_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_TEXTURE field_177114_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_ELDER_TEXTURE field_177116_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_BEAM_TEXTURE field_177117_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/field_110852_a field_110852_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/whiteHorseTextures field_110850_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/muleTextures field_110851_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/donkeyTextures field_110855_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/zombieHorseTextures field_110854_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/skeletonHorseTextures field_110853_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/modelBipedMain field_77071_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/field_77070_b field_77070_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/DEFAULT_RES_LOC field_177118_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/itemRenderer field_177080_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/field_177079_e field_177079_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mapBackgroundTextures field_110789_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mc field_147917_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/itemFrameModel field_177072_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mapModel field_177073_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/itemRenderer field_177074_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/field_147929_a field_147929_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/field_147928_b field_147928_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/field_147926_a field_147926_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/field_147925_b field_147925_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/field_147935_a field_147935_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/field_147934_b field_147934_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/field_147932_a field_147932_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/field_147931_b field_147931_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$5/field_178117_a field_178117_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$6/field_178118_a field_178118_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$7/field_178115_a field_178115_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$8/field_178116_a field_178116_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$9/field_178114_a field_178114_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/zLevel field_77023_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/RES_ITEM_GLINT field_110798_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/notRenderingEffectsInGUI field_175058_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/itemModelMesher field_175059_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/textureManager field_175057_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/magmaCubeTextures field_110873_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/leashKnotTextures field_110802_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/leashKnotModel field_110801_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity$1/field_178679_a field_178679_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/logger field_147923_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/textureBrightness field_177096_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/mainModel field_77045_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/brightnessBuffer field_177095_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/layerRenderers field_177097_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderOutlines field_177098_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/modelMinecart field_77013_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/minecartTextures field_110804_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/mooshroomTextures field_110880_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/blackOcelotTextures field_110877_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/ocelotTextures field_110875_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/redOcelotTextures field_110876_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/siameseOcelotTextures field_110878_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/KRISTOFFER_PAINTING_TEXTURE field_110807_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/pigTextures field_110887_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie$1/field_177198_a field_177198_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/ZOMBIE_PIGMAN_TEXTURE field_177120_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/BROWN field_177127_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/WHITE field_177126_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/BLACK field_177132_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/GOLD field_177133_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/SALT field_177130_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/WHITE_SPLOTCHED field_177131_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/TOAST field_177128_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/CAERBANNOG field_177129_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/shearedSheepTextures field_110884_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/silverfishTextures field_110882_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton$1/field_177199_a field_177199_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/skeletonTextures field_110862_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/witherSkeletonTextures field_110861_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/slimeTextures field_110897_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/snowManTextures field_110895_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/spiderTextures field_110890_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/squidTextures field_110901_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/field_177084_a field_177084_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/field_177083_e field_177083_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/ironGolemTextures field_110899_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/villagerTextures field_110903_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/farmerVillagerTextures field_110904_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/librarianVillagerTextures field_110908_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/priestVillagerTextures field_110907_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/smithVillagerTextures field_110905_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/butcherVillagerTextures field_110906_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/witchTextures field_110910_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/invulnerableWitherTextures field_110913_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/witherTextures field_110912_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/invulnerableWitherTextures field_110811_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/witherTextures field_110810_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/skeletonHeadModel field_82401_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/wolfTextures field_110917_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/tamedWolfTextures field_110915_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/anrgyWolfTextures field_110916_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie$1/field_177200_a field_177200_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieTextures field_110865_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieVillagerTextures field_110864_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_82434_o field_82434_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieVillagerModel field_82432_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_177121_n field_177121_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_177122_o field_177122_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase$1/field_178747_a field_178747_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderer field_177190_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/ENCHANTED_ITEM_GLINT_RES field_177188_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/modelLeggings field_177189_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/modelArmor field_177186_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/alpha field_177187_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorR field_177184_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorG field_177185_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorB field_177192_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/skipRenderGlint field_177193_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/ARMOR_TEXTURE_RES_MAP field_177191_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/field_177168_a field_177168_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/playerRenderer field_177167_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/endermanRenderer field_177174_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/LIGHTNING_TEXTURE field_177172_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/creeperRenderer field_177170_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/creeperModel field_177171_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/field_177209_a field_177209_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/playerRenderer field_177208_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/TEXTURE field_177212_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/dragonRenderer field_177211_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/RES_ENDERMAN_EYES field_177203_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/endermanRenderer field_177202_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/livingEntityRenderer field_177206_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/mooshroomRenderer field_177205_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/TEXTURE field_177158_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/pigRenderer field_177156_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/pigModel field_177157_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/TEXTURE field_177165_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/sheepRenderer field_177163_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/sheepModel field_177164_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/slimeRenderer field_177161_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/slimeModel field_177160_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/snowManRenderer field_177152_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/SPIDER_EYES field_177150_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/spiderRenderer field_177149_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/ironGolemRenderer field_177154_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/witchRenderer field_177144_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/WITHER_ARMOR field_177217_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/witherRenderer field_177215_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/witherModel field_177216_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/WOLF_COLLAR field_177147_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/wolfRenderer field_177146_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/smallArms field_177140_a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148118_a field_148118_a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148116_b field_148116_b
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148117_c field_148117_c
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148114_d field_148114_d
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148115_e field_148115_e
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148112_f field_148112_f
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148113_g field_148113_g
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148119_h field_148119_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/logger field_148003_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/defaultShaderUniform field_148001_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/staticShaderManager field_148002_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/currentProgram field_147999_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/field_148000_e field_148000_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderSamplers field_147997_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/samplerNames field_147998_g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderSamplerLocations field_148010_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderUniforms field_148011_i
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderUniformLocations field_148008_j
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/mappedShaderUniforms field_148009_k
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/program field_148006_l
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/programFilename field_148007_m
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/useFaceCulling field_148004_n
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/isDirty field_148005_o
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/field_148016_p field_148016_p
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/attribLocations field_148015_q
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/attributes field_148014_r
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/vertexShaderLoader field_148013_s
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/fragmentShaderLoader field_148012_t
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebuffer field_148035_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/resourceManager field_148033_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/shaderGroupName field_148034_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/listShaders field_148031_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mapFramebuffers field_148032_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/listFramebuffers field_148029_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/projectionMatrix field_148030_g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebufferWidth field_148038_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebufferHeight field_148039_i
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/field_148036_j field_148036_j
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/field_148037_k field_148037_k
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/framebufferIn field_148052_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/framebufferOut field_148050_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/manager field_148051_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxFramebuffers field_148048_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxNames field_148049_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxWidths field_148046_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxHeights field_148047_g
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/projectionMatrix field_148053_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/VERTEX a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/FRAGMENT b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderName field_148072_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderExtension field_148069_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderMode field_148070_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/loadedShaders field_148067_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderType field_148061_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderFilename field_148059_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shader field_148060_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderAttachCount field_148058_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/logger field_148080_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/staticShaderLinkHelper field_148079_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/logger field_148104_a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformLocation field_148102_b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformCount field_148103_c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformType field_148100_d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformIntBuffer field_148101_e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformFloatBuffer field_148098_f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/shaderName field_148099_g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/dirty field_148105_h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/shaderManager field_148106_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/glTextureId field_110553_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/blur field_174940_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/mipmap field_174941_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/blurLast field_174938_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/mipmapLast field_174939_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/dynamicTextureData field_110566_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/width field_94233_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/height field_94234_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData$1/field_110932_a field_110932_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/logger field_147644_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/threadDownloadCounter field_147643_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/cacheFile field_152434_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageUrl field_110562_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageBuffer field_110563_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/bufferedImage field_110560_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageThread field_110561_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/textureUploaded field_110559_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/LOG field_174947_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/textureLocation field_174948_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/field_174949_h field_174949_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/field_174950_i field_174950_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/layeredTextureNames field_110567_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/logger field_147638_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/textureLocation field_110568_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/logger field_147639_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/theTexture field_98151_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/width field_94204_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/height field_94201_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/mipmapLevelHolder field_147968_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/rotated field_94202_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/scaleFactor field_94205_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/originX field_94192_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/originY field_94190_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/width field_94191_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/height field_94188_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/subSlots field_94189_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/holder field_94187_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/mipmapLevelStitcher field_147971_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/setStitchHolders field_94319_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/stitchSlots field_94317_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/currentWidth field_94318_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/currentHeight field_94315_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxWidth field_94316_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxHeight field_94313_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/forcePowerOf2 field_94314_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxTileDimension field_94323_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/StitcherException/holder field_98149_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/field_147980_a field_147980_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/field_147979_b field_147979_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/field_147977_a field_147977_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/field_147976_b field_147976_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/field_147974_a field_147974_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/field_147973_b field_147973_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/LOCATION_MISSING_TEXTURE field_174945_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/locationBlocksTexture field_110575_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/logger field_147635_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/listAnimatedSprites field_94258_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mapRegisteredSprites field_110574_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mapUploadedSprites field_94252_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/basePath field_94254_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/iconCreator field_174946_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mipmapLevels field_147636_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/missingImage field_94249_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/field_147983_a field_147983_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/field_147982_b field_147982_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/framesTextureData field_110976_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/interpolatedFrameData field_176605_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/rotated field_130222_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/originX field_110975_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/originY field_110974_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/width field_130223_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/height field_130224_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/frameCounter field_110973_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/tickCounter field_110983_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/iconName field_110984_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/animationMetadata field_110982_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/minU field_110979_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/maxU field_110980_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/minV field_110977_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/maxV field_110978_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/locationNameClock field_176607_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/locationNameCompass field_176606_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/field_135062_a field_135062_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/field_135061_b field_135061_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/logger field_147646_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/mapTextureObjects field_110585_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/listTickables field_110583_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/mapTextureCounters field_110584_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/theResourceManager field_110582_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/missingTexture field_111001_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/missingTextureData field_110999_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/logger field_147959_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/dataBuffer field_111000_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/mipmapBuffer field_147957_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/currentAngle field_94239_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/angleDelta field_94240_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/currentAngle field_94244_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/angleDelta field_94242_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/locationSprite field_176608_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/BLOCK field_176600_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/ITEM field_176599_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/OLDMODEL_POSITION_TEX_NORMAL field_181703_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/PARTICLE_POSITION_TEX_COLOR_LMAP field_181704_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION field_181705_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_COLOR field_181706_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX field_181707_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_NORMAL field_181708_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_COLOR field_181709_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL field_181710_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_LMAP_COLOR field_181711_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL field_181712_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_3F field_181713_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/COLOR_4UB field_181714_n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/TEX_2F field_181715_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/TEX_2S field_181716_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/NORMAL_3B field_181717_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/PADDING_1B field_181718_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/glBufferId field_177365_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/vertexFormat field_177363_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/count field_177364_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat$1/field_177382_a field_177382_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/LOGGER field_177357_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/elements field_177355_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/offsets field_177356_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/nextOffset field_177353_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/colorElementOffset field_177354_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/uvOffsetsById field_177351_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/normalElementOffset field_177352_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/FLOAT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/UBYTE b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/BYTE c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/USHORT d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/SHORT e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/UINT f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/INT g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/size field_177407_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/displayName field_177408_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/glConstant field_177405_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/POSITION a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/NORMAL b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/COLOR c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/UV d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/MATRIX e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/BLEND_WEIGHT f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/PADDING g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/displayName field_177392_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/LOGGER field_177381_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/type field_177379_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/usage field_177380_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/index field_177377_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/elementCount field_177378_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourcePackFile field_110597_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourceLog field_110598_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/logger field_152783_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/resourceMap field_152784_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/TEXTURE_STEVE field_177337_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/TEXTURE_ALEX field_177336_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/defaultResourceDomains field_110608_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/mapAssets field_152781_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/inputStream field_177330_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/message field_177328_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/isClosed field_177329_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/resourcePacks field_110540_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/logger field_177246_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/frmMetadataSerializer field_110539_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/entryNameSplitter field_110601_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/resourcePackZipFile field_110600_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener/LOC_FOLIAGE_PNG field_130079_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener/LOC_GRASS_PNG field_130078_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_177324_a field_177324_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_177323_b field_177323_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_148523_a field_148523_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177327_a field_177327_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177325_b field_177325_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177326_c field_177326_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/field_110525_a field_110525_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/resourcePackFile field_110523_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/reResourcePack field_110524_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/rePackMetadataSection field_110521_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/texturePackIcon field_110522_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/locationTexturePackIcon field_110520_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/rprDefaultResourcePack field_110620_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/rprMetadataSerializer field_110621_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/logger field_177320_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/resourcePackFilter field_110622_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/dirResourcepacks field_110618_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/dirServerResourcepacks field_148534_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/resourcePackInstance field_148532_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/lock field_177321_h
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/downloadingPacks field_177322_i
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/repositoryEntriesAll field_110619_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/repositoryEntries field_110617_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/field_130076_a field_130076_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/logger field_147967_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/joinerResourcePacks field_130074_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/domainResourceManagers field_110548_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadListeners field_110546_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/setResourceDomains field_135057_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/rmMetadataSerializer field_110547_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mapMetadataSections field_110535_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/resourcePackName field_177242_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/srResourceLocation field_110533_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/resourceInputStream field_110534_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaInputStream field_110531_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/srMetadataSerializer field_110532_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaJsonChecked field_110529_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaJson field_110530_g
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/field_152787_a field_152787_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152635_a field_152635_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152636_b field_152636_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152637_c field_152637_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152638_d field_152638_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_177249_e field_177249_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152639_e field_152639_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/field_152803_a field_152803_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/field_152804_b field_152804_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152799_a field_152799_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152800_b field_152800_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152801_c field_152801_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152802_d field_152802_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/THREAD_POOL field_152794_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/textureManager field_152795_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/skinCacheDir field_152796_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/sessionService field_152797_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/skinCacheLoader field_152798_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/i18nLocale field_135054_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/languageCode field_135039_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/region field_135037_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/name field_135038_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/bidirectional field_135036_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/currentLocale field_135049_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/logger field_147648_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/theMetadataSerializer field_135047_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/currentLanguage field_135048_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/languageMap field_135046_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/properties field_135032_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/splitter field_135030_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/pattern field_135031_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/unicode field_135029_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/section field_110502_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/clazz field_110500_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/field_110501_c field_110501_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/metadataSectionSerializerRegistry field_110508_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/gsonBuilder field_110506_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/gson field_110507_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/frameIndex field_110499_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/frameTime field_110498_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/animationFrames field_110478_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameWidth field_110476_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameHeight field_110477_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameTime field_110475_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/interpolate field_177220_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charWidths field_110467_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charLefts field_110465_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charSpacings field_110466_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection/languages field_135019_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/packDescription field_110464_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/packFormat field_110463_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/textureBlur field_110482_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/textureClamp field_110481_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/listMipmaps field_148536_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y0 a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y90 b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y180 c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y270 d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y0 e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y90 f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y180 g
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y270 h
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y0 i
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y90 j
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y180 k
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y270 l
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y0 m
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y90 n
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y180 o
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y270 p
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/mapRotations field_177546_q
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/combinedXY field_177545_r
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/matrix4d field_177544_s
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/quartersX field_177543_t
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/quartersY field_177542_u
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/$VALUES v
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/cameraTransforms field_177557_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/field_177506_a field_177506_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/field_177061_a field_177061_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/field_177060_b field_177060_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_MISSING field_177604_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/LOCATIONS_BUILTIN_TEXTURES field_177602_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/LOGGER field_177603_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/BUILT_IN_MODELS field_177600_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/JOINER field_177601_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/resourceManager field_177598_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/sprites field_177599_g
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/models field_177611_h
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/variants field_177612_i
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/textureMap field_177609_j
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/blockModelShapes field_177610_k
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/faceBakery field_177607_l
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/itemModelGenerator field_177608_m
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakedRegistry field_177605_n
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_GENERATED field_177606_o
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_COMPASS field_177618_p
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_CLOCK field_177617_q
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_ENTITY field_177616_r
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/itemLocations field_177615_s
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/blockDefinitions field_177614_t
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/variantNames field_177613_u
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/modelRegistry field_174958_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/texMap field_174956_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/modelProvider field_174957_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/defaultModel field_174955_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/variant field_177519_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderGeneralQuads field_177656_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderFaceQuads field_177654_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderAmbientOcclusion field_177655_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderTexture field_177652_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderGui3d field_177653_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderCameraTransforms field_177651_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/generalQuads field_177563_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/faceQuads field_177561_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/ambientOcclusion field_177562_c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/gui3d field_177559_d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/texture field_177560_e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/cameraTransforms field_177558_f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/listItems field_177678_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/model field_177636_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/totalWeight field_177567_a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/models field_177565_b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/baseModel field_177566_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/positionedSoundLocation field_147664_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/volume field_147662_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/pitch field_147663_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/xPosF field_147660_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/yPosF field_147661_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/zPosF field_147658_f
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/repeat field_147659_g
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/repeatDelay field_147665_h
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/attenuationType field_147666_i
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound/donePlaying field_147668_j
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound/guardian field_174934_k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/minecart field_147670_k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/distance field_147669_l
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/player field_147672_k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/minecart field_147671_l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MASTER a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MUSIC b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/RECORDS c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/WEATHER d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/BLOCKS e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MOBS f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/ANIMALS g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/PLAYERS h
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/AMBIENT i
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/NAME_CATEGORY_MAP field_147168_j
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/ID_CATEGORY_MAP field_147169_k
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/categoryName field_147166_l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/categoryId field_147167_m
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/FILE a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/SOUND_EVENT b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/field_148583_c field_148583_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/name field_148569_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/volume field_148567_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/pitch field_148568_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/weight field_148565_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/type field_148566_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/streaming field_148564_f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/soundList field_148577_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/replaceExisting field_148575_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/category field_148576_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/NONE a
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/LINEAR b
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/type field_148589_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/hostPlayerData field_72416_e
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/field_76974_a field_76974_a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/field_76972_a field_76972_a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$3/field_177494_a field_177494_a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/logger field_147148_h
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/mc field_71349_l
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/theWorldSettings field_71350_m
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isGamePaused field_71348_o
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isPublic field_71346_p
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/lanServerPing field_71345_q
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/lanServerMotd field_77492_a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/lanServerIpPort field_77490_b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/timeLastSeen field_77491_c
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/localServerList field_77500_a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/broadcastAddress field_77498_b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/socket field_77499_c
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/wasUpdated field_77556_a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/listOfLanServers field_77555_b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/field_148551_a field_148551_a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/logger field_148550_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/field_148658_a field_148658_a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/logger field_148657_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/motd field_77528_b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/socket field_77529_c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/isStopping field_77526_d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/address field_77527_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/MENU a
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/GAME b
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/CREATIVE c
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/CREDITS d
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/NETHER e
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/END_BOSS f
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/END g
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/musicLocation field_148645_h
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/minDelay field_148646_i
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/maxDelay field_148643_j
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/rand field_147679_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/mc field_147677_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/currentMusic field_147678_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/timeUntilNextMusic field_147676_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/location field_148656_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/streamingSound field_148654_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/pitch field_148655_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/volume field_148653_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/field_177950_a field_177950_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1/field_148631_a field_148631_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/field_148593_a field_148593_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2/field_148592_a field_148592_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread/field_148591_a field_148591_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/LOG_MARKER field_148623_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/logger field_148621_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/sndHandler field_148622_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/options field_148619_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/sndSystem field_148620_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/loaded field_148617_f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playTime field_148618_g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSounds field_148629_h
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/invPlayingSounds field_148630_i
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSoundPoolEntries field_148627_j
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/categorySounds field_148628_k
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/tickableSounds field_148625_l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/delayedSounds field_148626_m
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSoundsStopTime field_148624_n
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/soundPool field_148736_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/rnd field_148734_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/soundLocation field_148735_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/category field_148732_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/eventPitch field_148733_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/eventVolume field_148731_f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148726_a field_148726_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148724_b field_148724_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148725_c field_148725_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148723_d field_148723_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$3/field_148765_a field_148765_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/missing_sound field_147700_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/logger field_147698_b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/GSON field_147699_c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/TYPE field_147696_d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/sndRegistry field_147697_e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/sndManager field_147694_f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/mcResourceManager field_147695_g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/soundRegistry field_148764_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/entry field_148739_a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/weight field_148738_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/field_152811_a field_152811_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/name field_152812_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/description field_152813_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/payload field_152814_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/field_177945_a field_177945_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$2/field_177772_a field_177772_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$3/field_177773_a field_177773_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Uninitialized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Initialized b
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Authenticating c
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Authenticated d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/LoggingIn e
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/LoggedIn f
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/FindingIngestServer g
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/ReceivedIngestServers h
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/ReadyToBroadcast i
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Starting j
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Broadcasting k
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Stopping l
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Paused m
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/IngestTesting n
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestServTester field_152860_A
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamCallback field_177948_B
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_177949_C field_177949_C
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logger field_152861_B
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152862_C field_152862_C
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/lastError field_152863_D
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/errorCode field_152864_E
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152865_a field_152865_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152866_b field_152866_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/broadcastListener field_152867_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152868_d field_152868_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152869_e field_152869_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152870_f field_152870_f
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152871_g field_152871_g
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamCore field_152872_h
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/theStream field_152873_i
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152874_j field_152874_j
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152875_k field_152875_k
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152876_l field_152876_l
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152877_m field_152877_m
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152878_n field_152878_n
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/broadcastState field_152879_o
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152880_p field_152880_p
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/videoParamaters field_152881_q
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/audioParamaters field_152882_r
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestList field_152883_s
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestServ field_152884_t
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/authenticationToken field_152885_u
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/channelInfo field_152886_v
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/userInfo field_152887_w
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamInfo field_152888_x
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/archivingState field_152889_y
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152890_z field_152890_z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/field_176000_a field_176000_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175976_a field_175976_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175974_b field_175974_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175975_c field_175975_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Created a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Connecting b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Connected c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Disconnecting d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Disconnected e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176048_a field_176048_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176046_b field_176046_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176047_c field_176047_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176044_d field_176044_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176045_e field_176045_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176042_f field_176042_f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176043_g field_176043_g
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176049_h field_176049_h
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Uninitialized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Initializing b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Initialized c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/ShuttingDown d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/None a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/Url b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/TextureAtlas c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153003_a field_153003_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153004_b field_153004_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153006_d field_153006_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153007_e field_153007_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175992_e field_175992_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153008_f field_153008_f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153011_i field_153011_i
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153012_j field_153012_j
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175998_i field_175998_i
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153015_m field_153015_m
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175997_k field_175997_k
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175995_l field_175995_l
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175996_m field_175996_m
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175993_n field_175993_n
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175994_o field_175994_o
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175999_p field_175999_p
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/LOGGER field_153018_p
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/field_176010_a field_176010_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$2/field_176001_a field_176001_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$3/field_176003_a field_176003_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$3/field_176002_b field_176002_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Uninitalized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Starting b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/ConnectingToServer c
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/TestingServer d
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/DoneTestingServer e
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Finished f
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Cancelling g
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Cancelled h
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Failed i
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176005_A field_176005_A
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176006_B field_176006_B
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153044_b field_153044_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153045_c field_153045_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153046_d field_153046_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153047_e field_153047_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153048_f field_153048_f
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153049_g field_153049_g
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153050_h field_153050_h
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153051_i field_153051_i
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153052_j field_153052_j
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/audioParameters field_153053_k
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153054_l field_153054_l
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153055_m field_153055_m
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153056_n field_153056_n
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153057_o field_153057_o
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153058_p field_153058_p
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153059_q field_153059_q
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153060_r field_153060_r
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153061_s field_153061_s
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153062_t field_153062_t
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153063_u field_153063_u
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153064_v field_153064_v
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153065_w field_153065_w
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153066_x field_153066_x
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176009_x field_176009_x
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176008_y field_176008_y
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176007_z field_176007_z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/ERROR a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/INVALID_TOKEN b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1$1/field_153082_a field_153082_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/field_153083_a field_153083_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/field_153084_b field_153084_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/STREAM_MARKER field_152949_a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/LOGGER field_152950_b
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/broadcastController field_152951_c
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/chatController field_152952_d
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_176029_e field_176029_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/mc field_152953_e
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/twitchComponent field_152954_f
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152955_g field_152955_g
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/framebuffer field_152956_h
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152957_i field_152957_i
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/targetFPS field_152958_j
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152959_k field_152959_k
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152960_l field_152960_l
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/loggedIn field_152961_m
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152962_n field_152962_n
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152963_o field_152963_o
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/authFailureReason field_152964_p
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152965_q field_152965_q
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/field_152938_a field_152938_a
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/x field_181059_a
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/y field_181060_b
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/z field_181061_c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE1_RGB field_176097_z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE2_RGB field_176080_A
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND0_RGB field_176081_B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND1_RGB field_176082_C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND2_RGB field_176076_D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE_ALPHA field_176077_E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE0_ALPHA field_176078_F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE1_ALPHA field_176079_G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE2_ALPHA field_176084_H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND0_ALPHA field_176085_I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND1_ALPHA field_176086_J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND2_ALPHA field_176087_K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/extBlendFuncSeparate field_153211_u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/openGL21 field_148827_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/shadersSupported field_148824_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/vboSupported field_176083_O
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/vboSupportedAti field_181062_Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_ARRAY_BUFFER field_176089_P
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_STATIC_DRAW field_148826_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/framebufferType field_153212_w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/shadersAvailable field_153213_x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbShaders field_153214_y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbMultitexture field_153215_z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbTextureEnvCombine field_176088_V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/openGL14 field_148828_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/logText field_153196_B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/nvidia field_153197_d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/cpu field_183030_aa
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbVbo field_176090_Y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/ati field_181063_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAMEBUFFER field_153198_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_RENDERBUFFER field_153199_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0 field_153200_g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT field_153201_h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAMEBUFFER_COMPLETE field_153202_i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_ATTACHMENT field_153203_j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_MISS_ATTACH field_153204_k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_DRAW_BUFFER field_153205_l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_READ_BUFFER field_153206_m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/framebufferSupported field_148823_f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_LINK_STATUS field_153207_o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMPILE_STATUS field_153208_p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_VERTEX_SHADER field_153209_q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAGMENT_SHADER field_153210_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/defaultTexUnit field_77478_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/lightmapTexUnit field_77476_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_TEXTURE2 field_176096_r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE field_176095_s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_INTERPOLATE field_176094_t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_PRIMARY_COLOR field_176093_u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_CONSTANT field_176092_v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_PREVIOUS field_176091_w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE_RGB field_176099_x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE0_RGB field_176098_y
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/LOGGER field_175774_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandException/errorObjects field_74845_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/field_85080_a field_85080_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/field_147151_b field_147151_b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/field_85063_a field_85063_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/field_175749_a field_175749_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/field_175754_a field_175754_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/field_175752_a field_175752_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/key field_85092_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/value field_85091_b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/crashReport field_85078_a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/name field_85076_b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/children field_85077_c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/stackTrace field_85075_d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/field_179310_a field_179310_a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/lastReturned field_179309_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/field_179307_a field_179307_a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/field_179306_b field_179306_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/field_179315_a field_179315_a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/theBlockPos field_179314_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/field_179312_a field_179312_a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/field_179311_b field_179311_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/x field_177997_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/y field_177998_c
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/z field_177996_d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/ORIGIN field_177992_a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_X_BITS field_177990_b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_Z_BITS field_177991_c
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_Y_BITS field_177989_d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Y_SHIFT field_177987_f
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/X_SHIFT field_177988_g
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/X_MASK field_177994_h
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Y_MASK field_177995_i
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Z_MASK field_177993_j
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/worldObj field_82627_a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/pos field_179317_b
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/index field_179426_a
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/iterables field_179424_b
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/iterators field_179425_c
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/results field_179423_d
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/clazz field_179429_a
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/iterables field_179428_b
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/defaultValueKey field_148760_d
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/defaultValue field_148761_e
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted/defaultObject field_82597_b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179515_a field_179515_a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179513_b field_179513_b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179514_c field_179514_c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/X a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/Y b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/Z c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/NAME_LOOKUP field_176725_d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/name field_176726_e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/plane field_176723_f
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/POSITIVE a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/NEGATIVE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/offset field_179528_c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/description field_179525_d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/HORIZONTAL a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/VERTICAL b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/DOWN a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/UP b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/NORTH c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/WEST e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/EAST f
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/index field_176748_g
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/opposite field_176759_h
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/horizontalIndex field_176760_i
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/name field_176757_j
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/axis field_176758_k
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/axisDirection field_176755_l
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/directionVec field_176756_m
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/VALUES field_82609_l
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/HORIZONTALS field_176754_o
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/NAME_LOOKUP field_176761_p
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/$VALUES q
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem/itemDispenseBehaviorProvider field_82483_a
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/identityMap field_148749_a
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/objectList field_148748_b
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/underlyingIntegerMap field_148759_a
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/inverseObjectRegistry field_148758_b
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FLAME A
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/LAVA B
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FOOTSTEP C
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CLOUD D
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/REDSTONE E
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SNOWBALL F
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SNOW_SHOVEL G
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SLIME H
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/HEART I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BARRIER J
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ITEM_CRACK K
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BLOCK_CRACK L
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BLOCK_DUST M
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_DROP N
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ITEM_TAKE O
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/MOB_APPEARANCE P
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/particleName field_179369_Q
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/particleID field_179372_R
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/shouldIgnoreRange field_179371_S
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/argumentCount field_179366_T
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PARTICLES field_179365_U
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PARTICLE_NAMES field_179368_V
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/$VALUES W
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_NORMAL a
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_LARGE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_HUGE c
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FIREWORKS_SPARK d
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_BUBBLE e
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_SPLASH f
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_WAKE g
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SUSPENDED h
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SUSPENDED_DEPTH i
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CRIT j
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CRIT_MAGIC k
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SMOKE_NORMAL l
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SMOKE_LARGE m
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL n
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_INSTANT o
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_MOB p
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_MOB_AMBIENT q
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_WITCH r
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/DRIP_WATER s
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/DRIP_LAVA t
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/VILLAGER_ANGRY u
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/VILLAGER_HAPPY v
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/TOWN_AURA w
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/NOTE x
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PORTAL y
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE z
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/x field_82630_a
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/y field_82628_b
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/z field_82629_c
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/x field_179419_a
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/y field_179417_b
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/z field_179418_c
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/logger field_148743_a
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/registryObjects field_82596_a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/x field_177962_a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/NULL_VECTOR field_177959_e
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/y field_177960_b
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/z field_177961_c
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/localizedName field_74839_a
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/fallbackTranslator field_150828_b
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/numericVariablePattern field_111053_a
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/equalSignSplitter field_135065_b
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/instance field_74817_a
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/languageList field_74816_c
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/lastUpdateTimeInMilliseconds field_150511_e
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/data field_74754_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/data field_74756_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/field_82585_a field_82585_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/field_82584_b field_82584_b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/field_82588_a field_82588_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/field_82587_b field_82587_b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/tagMap field_74784_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/data field_74755_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/data field_74750_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/intArray field_74749_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/data field_74748_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/LOGGER field_179239_b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagList field_74747_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagType field_74746_b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/data field_74753_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/INFINITE field_152451_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/max field_152452_b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/read field_152453_c
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/data field_74752_a
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/theReportedExceptionCrashReport field_71576_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/data field_74751_a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/NBT_TYPES field_82578_b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any/json field_150490_a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Compound/field_150491_b field_150491_b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$List/field_150492_b field_150492_b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/jsonValue field_150493_b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/DOUBLE field_179265_c
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/FLOAT field_179263_d
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/BYTE field_179264_e
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/LONG field_179261_f
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/SHORT field_179262_g
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/INTEGER field_179267_h
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/DOUBLE_UNTYPED field_179268_i
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/SPLITTER field_179266_j
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/logger field_150317_a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/field_179273_b field_179273_b
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/cipher field_150507_a
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/field_150505_b field_150505_b
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/field_150506_c field_150506_c
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decryptionCodec field_150509_a
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encryptionCodec field_150750_a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/inflater field_179305_a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/treshold field_179304_b
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/buffer field_179302_a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/deflater field_179300_b
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/treshold field_179301_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181130_a field_181130_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181131_b field_181131_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181132_c field_181132_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181133_d field_181133_d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181134_e field_181134_e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$5/field_179248_a field_179248_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$6/field_181135_a field_181135_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/packet field_150774_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/futureListeners field_150773_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logMarkerNetwork field_150740_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logMarkerPackets field_150738_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/attrKeyConnectionState field_150739_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_NIO_EVENTLOOP field_179295_d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP field_181125_e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP field_179296_e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logger field_150735_g
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/direction field_179294_g
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/outboundPacketsQueue field_150745_j
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/readWriteLock field_181680_j
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channel field_150746_k
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/socketAddress field_150743_l
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/packetListener field_150744_m
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/terminationReason field_150742_o
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isEncrypted field_152463_r
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/disconnected field_179297_n
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/HANDSHAKING a
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/PLAY b
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATUS c
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/LOGIN d
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/field_181136_e field_181136_e
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/field_181137_f field_181137_f
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATES_BY_ID field_150764_e
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATES_BY_CLASS field_150761_f
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/id field_150762_g
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/directionMaps field_179247_h
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/buf field_150794_a
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/logger field_150800_a
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER field_150799_b
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/direction field_152499_c
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/logger field_150798_a
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER field_150797_b
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/direction field_152500_c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/siblings field_150264_a
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/style field_150263_b
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/OPEN_URL a
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/OPEN_FILE b
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/RUN_COMMAND c
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/TWITCH_USER_INFO d
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/SUGGEST_COMMAND e
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/CHANGE_PAGE f
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/nameMapping field_150679_e
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/allowedInChat field_150676_f
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/canonicalName field_150677_g
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/action field_150671_a
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/value field_150670_b
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/GSON field_150700_a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_TEXT a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ACHIEVEMENT b
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ITEM c
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ENTITY d
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/nameMapping field_150690_d
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/allowedInChat field_150691_e
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/canonicalName field_150688_f
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/action field_150704_a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/value field_150703_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/name field_179999_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/objective field_180000_c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/value field_179998_d
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/selector field_179993_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/parentStyle field_150249_a
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/color field_150247_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/bold field_150248_c
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/italic field_150245_d
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/underlined field_150246_e
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/strikethrough field_150243_f
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/obfuscated field_150244_g
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/chatClickEvent field_150251_h
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/chatHoverEvent field_150252_i
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/insertion field_179990_j
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/rootStyle field_150250_j
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/allowedCharactersArray field_71567_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/text field_150267_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/children field_150278_b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/stringVariablePattern field_150279_c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/key field_150276_d
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/formatArgs field_150277_e
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/syncLock field_150274_f
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/lastTranslationUpdateTimeInMilliseconds field_150275_g
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/SERVERBOUND a
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/CLIENTBOUND b
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/field_180030_a field_180030_a
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/field_180029_b field_180029_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/X a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Y b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Z c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Y_ROT d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/X_ROT e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/field_180058_f field_180058_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/x field_148940_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/y field_148938_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/z field_148939_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/yaw field_148936_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/pitch field_148937_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/field_179835_f field_179835_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/entityId field_149018_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/x field_149016_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/y field_149017_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/z field_149014_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedX field_149015_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedY field_149012_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedZ field_149013_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/pitch field_149021_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/yaw field_149022_i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/type field_149019_j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/field_149020_k field_149020_k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/entityID field_148992_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posX field_148990_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posY field_148991_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posZ field_148988_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/xpValue field_148989_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/entityId field_149059_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/x field_149057_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/y field_149058_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/z field_149055_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/type field_149056_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/entityId field_149042_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/type field_149040_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/x field_149041_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/y field_149038_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/z field_149039_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityX field_149036_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityY field_149037_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityZ field_149047_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/yaw field_149048_i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/pitch field_149045_j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/headPitch field_149046_k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/field_149043_l field_149043_l
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/watcher field_149044_m
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/entityID field_148973_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/position field_179838_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/facing field_179839_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/title field_148968_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/entityId field_148957_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/playerId field_179820_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/x field_148956_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/y field_148953_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/z field_148954_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/yaw field_148951_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/pitch field_148952_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/currentItem field_148959_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/watcher field_148960_i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/field_148958_j field_148958_j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/entityId field_148981_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/type field_148980_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/field_148976_a field_148976_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/breakerId field_148852_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/position field_179822_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/progress field_148849_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/blockPos field_179824_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/metadata field_148859_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/nbt field_148860_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/blockPosition field_179826_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/instrument field_148872_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/pitch field_148873_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/block field_148871_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/blockPosition field_179828_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/blockState field_148883_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/difficulty field_179833_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/difficultyLocked field_179832_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/matches field_149632_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/chatComponent field_148919_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/type field_179842_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/field_180093_a field_180093_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/chunkPosCrammed field_180091_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/blockState field_180092_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/chunkPosCoord field_148925_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/changedBlocks field_179845_b
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/LINUX a
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/SOLARIS b
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/WINDOWS c
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/OSX d
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/UNKNOWN e
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/windowId field_148894_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/actionNumber field_148892_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/field_148893_c field_148893_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/windowId field_148896_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/windowId field_148909_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/inventoryType field_148907_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/windowTitle field_148908_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/slotCount field_148905_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/entityId field_148904_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/windowId field_148914_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/itemStacks field_148913_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/windowId field_149186_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/varIndex field_149184_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/varValue field_149185_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/windowId field_149179_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/slot field_149177_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/item field_149178_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/channel field_149172_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/data field_149171_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/reason field_149167_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/entityId field_149164_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/logicOpcode field_149163_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/entityId field_179766_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/tagCompound field_179765_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posX field_149158_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posY field_149156_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posZ field_149157_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/strength field_149154_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/affectedBlockPositions field_149155_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149152_f field_149152_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149153_g field_149153_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149159_h field_149159_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/threshold field_179761_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/MESSAGE_NAMES field_149142_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/state field_149140_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/field_149141_c field_149141_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/id field_149136_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted/data field_150282_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted/dataSize field_150280_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/chunkX field_149284_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/chunkZ field_149282_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/extractedData field_179758_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/field_149279_g field_149279_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/xPositions field_149266_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/zPositions field_149264_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/chunksData field_179755_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/isOverworld field_149267_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundType field_149251_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundPos field_179747_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundData field_149249_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/serverWide field_149246_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleType field_179751_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/xCoord field_149234_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/yCoord field_149235_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/zCoord field_149232_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/xOffset field_149233_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/yOffset field_149230_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/zOffset field_149231_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleSpeed field_149237_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleCount field_149238_i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/longDistance field_179752_j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleArguments field_179753_k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundName field_149219_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posX field_149217_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posY field_149218_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posZ field_149215_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundVolume field_149216_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundPitch field_149214_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/entityId field_149206_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/hardcoreMode field_149204_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/gameType field_149205_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/dimension field_149202_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/difficulty field_149203_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/maxPlayers field_149200_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/worldType field_149201_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/reducedDebugInfo field_179745_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapId field_149191_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapScale field_179739_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapVisiblePlayersVec4b field_179740_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMinX field_179737_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMinY field_179738_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMaxX field_179735_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMaxY field_179736_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapDataBytes field_179741_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/entityId field_149074_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posX field_149072_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posY field_149073_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posZ field_149070_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/yaw field_149071_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/pitch field_149068_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/onGround field_179743_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/field_149069_g field_149069_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/signPosition field_179778_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/invulnerable field_149119_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/flying field_149117_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/allowFlying field_149118_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/creativeMode field_149115_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/flySpeed field_149116_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/walkSpeed field_149114_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$1/field_179944_a field_179944_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/ENTER_COMBAT a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/END_COMBAT b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/ENTITY_DIED c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/eventType field_179776_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179774_b field_179774_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179775_c field_179775_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179772_d field_179772_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/deathMessage field_179773_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$1/field_179938_a field_179938_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/ADD_PLAYER a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_GAME_MODE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_LATENCY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_DISPLAY_NAME d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/REMOVE_PLAYER e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/field_179968_a field_179968_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/ping field_179966_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/gamemode field_179967_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/profile field_179964_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/displayName field_179965_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/action field_179770_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/players field_179769_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/playerID field_149097_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/bedPos field_179799_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/entityIDs field_149100_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/entityId field_149079_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/effectId field_149078_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/url field_179786_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/hash field_179785_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/dimensionID field_149088_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/difficulty field_149086_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/gameType field_149087_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/worldType field_149085_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/entityId field_149384_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/yaw field_149383_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$1/field_179947_a field_179947_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_SIZE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/LERP_SIZE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_CENTER c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/INITIALIZE d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_WARNING_TIME e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_WARNING_BLOCKS f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/action field_179795_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/size field_179793_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/centerX field_179794_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/centerZ field_179791_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/targetSize field_179792_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/diameter field_179789_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/timeUntilTarget field_179790_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/warningTime field_179796_h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/warningDistance field_179797_i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/entityId field_179781_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/heldItemHotbarIndex field_149387_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/position field_149374_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/scoreName field_149373_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/entityId field_149379_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/field_149378_b field_149378_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/leash field_149408_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/entityId field_149406_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/vehicleEntityId field_149407_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/entityID field_149417_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionX field_149415_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionY field_149416_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionZ field_149414_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/entityID field_149394_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/equipmentSlot field_149392_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/itemStack field_149393_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/field_149401_a field_149401_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/totalExperience field_149399_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/level field_149400_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/health field_149336_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/foodLevel field_149334_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/saturationLevel field_149335_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/objectiveName field_149343_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/objectiveValue field_149341_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/type field_179818_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/field_149342_c field_149342_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/name field_149320_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/displayName field_149318_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/prefix field_149319_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/suffix field_149316_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/nameTagVisibility field_179816_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/color field_179815_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/players field_149317_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/action field_149314_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/friendlyFlags field_149315_g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/CHANGE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/REMOVE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/name field_149329_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/objective field_149327_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/value field_149328_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/action field_149326_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/spawnBlockPos field_179801_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/totalWorldTime field_149369_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/worldTime field_149368_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/TITLE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/SUBTITLE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/TIMES c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/CLEAR d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/RESET e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/type field_179812_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/message field_179810_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/fadeInTime field_179811_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/displayTime field_179808_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/fadeOutTime field_179809_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/world field_179706_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/blockPos field_179705_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/lines field_149349_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/header field_179703_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/footer field_179702_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/collectedItemEntityId field_149357_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/entityId field_149356_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/entityId field_149458_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posX field_149456_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posY field_149457_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posZ field_149454_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/yaw field_149455_e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/pitch field_149453_f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/onGround field_179698_g
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179633_a field_179633_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179631_b field_179631_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179632_c field_179632_c
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/theAdmin field_71533_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151414_a field_151414_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151412_b field_151412_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151413_c field_151413_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151411_d field_151411_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/entityId field_149445_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/field_149444_b field_149444_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/entityId field_149434_a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/effectId field_149432_b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/amplifier field_149433_c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/duration field_149431_d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/hideParticles field_179708_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/message field_149420_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/targetBlock field_179710_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/message field_149440_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/PERFORM_RESPAWN a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/REQUEST_STATS b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/OPEN_INVENTORY_ACHIEVEMENT c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/status field_149437_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/lang field_149530_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/view field_149528_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/chatVisibility field_149529_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/enableColors field_149526_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/modelPartFlags field_179711_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/windowId field_149536_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/uid field_149534_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/accepted field_149535_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/windowId field_149541_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/button field_149540_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/windowId field_149554_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/slotId field_149552_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/usedButton field_149553_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/actionNumber field_149550_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/clickedItem field_149551_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/mode field_149549_f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/windowId field_149556_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/channel field_149562_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/data field_149561_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/INTERACT a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/ATTACK b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/INTERACT_AT c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/entityId field_149567_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/action field_149566_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/hitVec field_179713_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/key field_149461_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/x field_149479_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/y field_149477_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/z field_149478_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/yaw field_149476_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/pitch field_149473_f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/onGround field_149474_g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/moving field_149480_h
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/rotating field_149481_i
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/invulnerable field_149500_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/flying field_149498_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/allowFlying field_149499_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/creativeMode field_149496_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/flySpeed field_149497_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/walkSpeed field_149495_f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/START_DESTROY_BLOCK a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/ABORT_DESTROY_BLOCK b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/STOP_DESTROY_BLOCK c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/DROP_ALL_ITEMS d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/DROP_ITEM e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/RELEASE_USE_ITEM f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/position field_179717_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/facing field_179716_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/status field_149508_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/START_SNEAKING a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SNEAKING b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SLEEPING c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/START_SPRINTING d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SPRINTING e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/RIDING_JUMP f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/OPEN_INVENTORY g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/entityID field_149517_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/action field_149515_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/auxData field_149516_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/strafeSpeed field_149624_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/forwardSpeed field_149622_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/jumping field_149623_c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/sneaking field_149621_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/SUCCESSFULLY_LOADED a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/DECLINED b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/FAILED_DOWNLOAD c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/ACCEPTED d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/hash field_179720_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/status field_179719_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/slotId field_149615_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/slotId field_149629_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/stack field_149628_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/pos field_179723_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/lines field_149590_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/id field_179729_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/logger field_147175_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/commandMap field_71562_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/commandSet field_71561_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/field_179726_a field_179726_a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/position field_179725_b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/placedBlockDirection field_149579_d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/stack field_149580_e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingX field_149577_f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingY field_149578_g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingZ field_149584_h
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/protocolVersion field_149600_a
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/ip field_149598_b
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/port field_149599_c
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/requestedState field_149597_d
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/profile field_149602_a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/hashedServerId field_149612_a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/publicKey field_149610_b
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/verifyToken field_149611_c
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/compressionTreshold field_179733_a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/reason field_149605_a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/profile field_149305_a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/secretKeyEncrypted field_149302_a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/verifyTokenEncrypted field_149301_b
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/clientTime field_149293_a
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/GSON field_149297_a
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/response field_149296_b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/maxPlayers field_151336_a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/onlinePlayerCount field_151334_b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/players field_151335_c
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/name field_151306_a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/protocol field_151305_b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/serverMotd field_151326_a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/playerCount field_151324_b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/protocolVersion field_151325_c
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/favicon field_151323_d
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/clientTime field_149290_a
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/resourceDomain field_110626_a
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/resourcePath field_110625_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/field_150836_b field_150836_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/field_150837_c field_150837_c
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12/field_150843_b field_150843_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/field_150842_b field_150842_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$2/field_150841_b field_150841_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$3/field_150840_b field_150840_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/field_150839_b field_150839_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/field_150838_b field_150838_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/field_179240_b field_179240_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/field_179241_b field_179241_b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/SYSOUT field_179872_a
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/alreadyRegistered field_151355_a
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/LOGGER field_179871_c
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/field_151376_a field_151376_a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/field_151375_b field_151375_b
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/field_151383_a field_151383_a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/exceptionMessage field_151382_b
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommand/command field_73702_a
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommand/sender field_73701_b
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/LOG field_154349_a
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/eulaFile field_154350_b
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/acceptedEULA field_154351_c
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/LOGGER field_179884_a
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/domain field_179883_b
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException/INSTANCE field_179886_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/scoreboardMCServer field_96555_a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/field_96553_b field_96553_b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/scoreboardSaveData field_96554_c
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/LOGGER field_164440_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/serverProperties field_73672_b
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/serverPropertiesFile field_73673_c
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/LOGGER field_164439_d
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$1/field_72451_a field_72451_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$2/field_72428_a field_72428_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/field_71743_a field_71743_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/field_85171_a field_85171_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/logger field_155771_h
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/pendingCommandList field_71341_l
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/theRConThreadQuery field_71342_m
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/theRConThreadMain field_71339_n
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/settings field_71340_o
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/eula field_154332_n
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/canSpawnStructures field_71338_p
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/gameType field_71337_q
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/guiIsEnabled field_71335_s
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog$1/field_180252_a field_180252_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/LOGGER field_180251_a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/server field_180249_b
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/maxTickTime field_180250_c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$1/field_120023_a field_120023_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/field_120025_a field_120025_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/field_120024_b field_120024_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$3/field_120032_a field_120032_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164252_a field_164252_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164250_b field_164250_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164251_c field_164251_c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164256_a field_164256_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164254_b field_164254_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164255_c field_164255_c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164253_d field_164253_d
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/serverGuiFont field_164249_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/LOGGER field_164248_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/server field_120021_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/server field_120015_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/ticks field_120014_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent$1/field_120030_a field_120030_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120040_a field_120040_a
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120038_b field_120038_b
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120039_c field_120039_c
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120036_d field_120036_d
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/server field_120037_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/miningPlayerEntId field_73115_a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/position field_180247_b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/partialBlockProgress field_73112_e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/createdAtCloudUpdateTick field_82745_f
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer/demoWorldSeed field_73072_L
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer/demoWorldSettings field_73071_a
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73105_c field_73105_c
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/demoTimeExpired field_73103_d
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73104_e field_73104_e
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73102_f field_73102_f
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/field_177698_a field_177698_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/delegate field_175743_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/field_96570_a field_96570_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/field_96569_b field_96569_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/logger field_151249_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/theWorld field_72795_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackedEntities field_72793_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackedEntityHashTable field_72794_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/maxTrackingDistanceThreshold field_72792_d
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/mcServer field_72783_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/theWorldServer field_72782_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/field_73265_a field_73265_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/playersWatchingChunk field_73263_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/chunkCoords field_73264_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/locationOfBlockChange field_151254_d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/numBlocksToUpdate field_73262_e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/flagsYAreasToUpdate field_73260_f
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/previousWorldTime field_111198_g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/pmLogger field_152627_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/theWorldServer field_72701_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/players field_72699_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstances field_72700_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstancesToUpdate field_72697_d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstanceList field_111193_e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerViewRadius field_72698_e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/previousTotalWorldTime field_111192_g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/xzDirectionsConst field_72696_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkLoadOverride field_73250_a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/logger field_147417_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/droppedChunksSet field_73248_b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/dummyChunk field_73249_c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/serverChunkGenerator field_73246_d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkLoader field_73247_e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/id2ChunkMap field_73244_f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadedChunks field_73245_g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/worldObj field_73251_h
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/field_180243_a field_180243_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/mcServer field_73061_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/theEntityTracker field_73062_L
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/thePlayerManager field_73063_M
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesHashSet field_73064_N
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesTreeSet field_73065_O
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/entitiesByUuid field_175741_N
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/allPlayersSleeping field_73068_P
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntityTick field_80004_Q
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/worldTeleporter field_85177_Q
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/mobSpawner field_175742_R
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/blockEventQueue field_147490_S
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/blockEventCacheIndex field_147489_T
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/bonusChestContent field_73069_S
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesThisTick field_94579_S
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/logger field_147491_a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/theChunkProviderServer field_73059_b
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/disableLevelSaving field_73058_d
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/villageSiege field_175740_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerNetServerHandler field_71135_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mcServer field_71133_b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/logger field_147102_bM
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/translator field_71148_cg
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/destroyedItemsNetCache field_71130_g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/statsFile field_147103_bO
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/combinedHealth field_130068_bO
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastHealth field_71149_ch
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastFoodLevel field_71146_ci
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/wasHungry field_71147_cj
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastExperience field_71144_ck
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/respawnInvulnerabilityTicks field_147101_bU
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/chatVisibility field_71143_cn
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/chatColours field_71140_co
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerLastActiveTime field_143005_bX
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/spectatingEntity field_175401_bS
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/currentWindowId field_71139_cq
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/theItemInWorldManager field_71134_c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/managedPosX field_71131_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/managedPosZ field_71132_e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/loadedChunks field_71129_f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isChangingQuantityOnly field_71137_h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/ping field_71138_i
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerConqueredTheEnd field_71136_j
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/theWorld field_73092_a
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/thisPlayerMP field_73090_b
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/gameType field_73091_c
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/isDestroyingBlock field_73088_d
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initialDamage field_73089_e
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/field_180240_f field_180240_f
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/curblockDamage field_73100_i
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/receivedFinishDiggingPacket field_73097_j
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/field_180241_i field_180241_i
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initialBlockDamage field_73093_n
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/durabilityRemainingOnBlock field_73094_o
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackedEntity field_73132_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackingDistanceThreshold field_73130_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updateFrequency field_73131_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosX field_73128_d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosY field_73129_e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosZ field_73126_f
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedRotationYaw field_73127_g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedRotationPitch field_73139_h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastHeadMotion field_73140_i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityMotionX field_73137_j
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityMotionY field_73138_k
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/motionZ field_73135_l
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updateCounter field_73136_m
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/playerEntitiesUpdated field_73133_n
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackingPlayers field_73134_o
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/logger field_151262_p
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosX field_73147_p
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosY field_73146_q
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosZ field_73145_r
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/firstUpdateDone field_73144_s
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendVelocityUpdates field_73143_t
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/ticksSinceLastForcedTeleport field_73142_u
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/field_85178_v field_85178_v
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/ridingEntity field_73141_v
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/onGround field_180234_y
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/logger field_151258_a
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/networkSystem field_151257_b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/mcServer field_147385_a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/networkManager field_147384_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$4/field_151283_c field_151283_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$5/field_180230_b field_180230_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/field_151284_a field_151284_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/field_180228_c field_180228_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181143_a field_181143_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181144_b field_181144_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181145_c field_181145_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/eventLoops field_151276_c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/SERVER_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP field_181141_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/SERVER_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP field_180232_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/isAlive field_151277_a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/logger field_151275_b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/mcServer field_151273_d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/endpoints field_151274_e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/networkManagers field_151272_f
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/field_151289_a field_151289_a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/field_151288_b field_151288_b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$2/field_151286_b field_151286_b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/field_180227_a field_180227_a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/field_180226_b field_180226_b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180224_a field_180224_a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180222_b field_180222_b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180223_c field_180223_c
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/netManager field_147371_a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/playerEntity field_147369_b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/logger field_147370_c
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/serverController field_147367_d
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/networkTickCount field_147368_e
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_175090_f field_175090_f
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/floatingTickCount field_147365_f
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147366_g field_147366_g
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147378_h field_147378_h
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPingTime field_147379_i
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastSentPingPacket field_147377_k
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/chatSpamThresholdCount field_147374_l
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/itemDropThreshold field_147375_m
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147372_n field_147372_n
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosX field_147373_o
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosY field_147382_p
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosZ field_147381_q
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/hasMoved field_147380_r
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1/field_151291_a field_151291_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/server field_147387_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/networkManager field_147386_b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/field_151292_a field_151292_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$2/field_180221_a field_180221_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/HELLO a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/KEY b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/AUTHENTICATING c
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/READY_TO_ACCEPT d
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/DELAY_ACCEPT e
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/ACCEPTED f
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/networkManager field_147333_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/AUTHENTICATOR_THREAD_ID field_147331_b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/logger field_147332_c
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/RANDOM field_147329_d
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/verifyToken field_147330_e
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/server field_147327_f
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/currentLoginState field_147328_g
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/connectionTimer field_147336_h
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/loginGameProfile field_147337_i
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/serverId field_147334_j
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/secretKey field_147335_k
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/player field_181025_l
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/EXIT_MESSAGE field_183007_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/server field_147314_a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/networkManager field_147313_b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/handled field_183008_d
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/dateFormat field_73698_a
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/banStartDate field_73694_d
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/bannedBy field_73695_e
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/banEndDate field_73692_f
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/reason field_73693_g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/field_152667_a field_152667_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/field_152671_a field_152671_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/gameProfile field_152672_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/expirationDate field_152673_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/field_152677_a field_152677_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/dateFormat field_152659_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/gson field_152660_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/usernameToProfileEntryMap field_152661_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/uuidToProfileEntryMap field_152662_d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/gameProfiles field_152663_e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/mcServer field_152664_f
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/usercacheFile field_152665_g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/TYPE field_152666_h
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152734_a field_152734_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152735_b field_152735_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152736_c field_152736_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/field_152737_a field_152737_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/field_152738_b field_152738_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/field_152739_a field_152739_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/field_152740_b field_152740_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/field_152741_a field_152741_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/field_152742_b field_152742_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152745_a field_152745_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152746_b field_152746_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152747_c field_152747_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152748_d field_152748_d
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152749_e field_152749_e
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_IPBAN_FILE field_152728_a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_PLAYERBAN_FILE field_152729_b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_OPS_FILE field_152730_c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_WHITELIST_FILE field_152731_d
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/LOGGER field_152732_e
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/field_177697_a field_177697_a
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_PLAYERBANS field_152613_a
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_IPBANS field_152614_b
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_OPS field_152615_c
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_WHITELIST field_152616_d
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/maxPlayers field_72405_c
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/logger field_148546_d
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/dateFormat field_72403_e
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/mcServer field_72400_f
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerEntityList field_72404_b
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/uuidToPlayerMap field_177454_f
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bannedPlayers field_72401_g
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bannedIPs field_72413_h
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/ops field_72414_i
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/whiteListedPlayers field_72411_j
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerStatFiles field_148547_k
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerNBTManagerObj field_72412_k
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/whiteListEnforced field_72409_l
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/viewDistance field_72402_d
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/gameType field_72410_m
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/commandsAllowedForAll field_72407_n
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerPingIndex field_72408_o
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/permissionLevel field_152645_a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/bypassesPlayerLimit field_183025_b
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/value field_152642_a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/field_152752_a field_152752_a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/logger field_152693_a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/gson field_152694_b
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/saveFile field_152695_c
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/values field_152696_d
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/lanServer field_152697_e
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/saveFileFormat field_152698_f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/byteArrayOutput field_72674_a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/output field_72673_b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/hexDigits field_72666_a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/instance field_70010_a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/buffer field_70009_b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/running field_72619_a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/server field_72617_b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/threadName field_164003_c
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/rconThread field_72618_c
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/field_72615_d field_72615_d
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/socketList field_72616_e
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/serverSocketList field_72614_f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/THREAD_ID field_164004_h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/field_72600_a field_72600_a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/timestamp field_72598_b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/randomChallenge field_72599_c
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/requestId field_72596_d
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/challengeValue field_72597_e
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/requestIdAsString field_72595_f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/lastAuthCheckTime field_72629_g
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryPort field_72636_h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverPort field_72637_i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/maxPlayers field_72634_j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverMotd field_72635_k
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/worldName field_72632_l
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/querySocket field_72633_m
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/buffer field_72630_n
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/incomingPacket field_72631_o
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/field_72644_p field_72644_p
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryHostname field_72643_q
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverHostname field_72642_r
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryClients field_72641_s
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/time field_72640_t
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/output field_72639_u
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/lastQueryResponseTime field_72638_v
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/LOGGER field_164005_h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/loggedIn field_72657_g
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/clientSocket field_72659_h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/buffer field_72660_i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/rconPassword field_72658_j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/rconPort field_72647_g
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/serverPort field_72651_h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/hostname field_72652_i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/serverSocket field_72649_j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/rconPassword field_72650_k
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/clientThreads field_72648_l
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/displayColumn field_75993_a
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/displayRow field_75991_b
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/parentAchievement field_75992_c
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/theItemStack field_75990_d
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/achievementDescription field_75996_k
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/statStringFormatter field_75994_l
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/isSpecial field_75995_m
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/blazeRod field_76027_z
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/potion field_76001_A
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/theEnd field_76002_B
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/theEnd2 field_76003_C
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/enchantments field_75998_D
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/overkill field_75999_E
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/bookcase field_76000_F
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/breedCow field_150962_H
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/spawnWither field_150963_I
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killWither field_150964_J
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/fullBeacon field_150965_K
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/exploreAllBiomes field_150961_L
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/overpowered field_180219_M
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/minDisplayColumn field_76010_a
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/minDisplayRow field_76008_b
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/maxDisplayColumn field_76009_c
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/maxDisplayRow field_76006_d
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/achievementList field_76007_e
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/openInventory field_76004_f
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/mineWood field_76005_g
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildWorkBench field_76017_h
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildPickaxe field_76018_i
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildFurnace field_76015_j
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/acquireIron field_76016_k
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildHoe field_76013_l
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/makeBread field_76014_m
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/bakeCake field_76011_n
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildBetterPickaxe field_76012_o
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/cookFish field_76026_p
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/onARail field_76025_q
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildSword field_76024_r
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killEnemy field_76023_s
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killCow field_76022_t
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/flyPig field_76021_u
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/snipeSkeleton field_76020_v
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/diamonds field_76019_w
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/diamondsToYou field_150966_x
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/portal field_76029_x
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/ghast field_76028_y
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting/field_150960_a field_150960_a
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/logger field_150889_b
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/mcServer field_150890_c
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/statsFile field_150887_d
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150888_e field_150888_e
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150885_f field_150885_f
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150886_g field_150886_g
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/statName field_75978_a
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/type field_75976_b
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/objectiveCriteria field_150957_c
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/field_150956_d field_150956_d
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/statId field_75975_e
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/isIndependent field_75972_f
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/simpleStatType field_75980_h
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/timeStatType field_75981_i
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/distanceStatType field_75979_j
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/field_111202_k field_111202_k
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/numberFormat field_75977_c
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/decimalFormat field_75974_d
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/integerValue field_151192_a
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/jsonSerializableValue field_151191_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/field_181547_a field_181547_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/field_181548_b field_181548_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/SUCCESS_COUNT a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_BLOCKS b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_ENTITIES c
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_ITEMS d
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/QUERY_RESULT e
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/typeID field_179639_f
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/typeName field_179640_g
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/NUM_RESULT_TYPES field_179676_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/STRING_RESULT_TYPES field_179674_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/entitiesID field_179675_c
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/objectives field_179673_d
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/animalsBredStat field_151186_x
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/playerKillsStat field_75932_A
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/fishCaughtStat field_75933_B
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/junkFishedStat field_151183_A
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/treasureFishedStat field_151184_B
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timesTalkedToVillagerStat field_180205_F
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timesTradedWithVillagerStat field_180206_G
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181724_H field_181724_H
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181725_I field_181725_I
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181726_J field_181726_J
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181727_K field_181727_K
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181728_L field_181728_L
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181729_M field_181729_M
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181730_N field_181730_N
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181731_O field_181731_O
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181732_P field_181732_P
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181733_Q field_181733_Q
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181734_R field_181734_R
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181735_S field_181735_S
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181736_T field_181736_T
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181737_U field_181737_U
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181738_V field_181738_V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181739_W field_181739_W
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181740_X field_181740_X
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181741_Y field_181741_Y
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181742_Z field_181742_Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/oneShotStats field_75942_a
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181723_aa field_181723_aa
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mineBlockStatArray field_75934_C
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectCraftStats field_75928_D
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectUseStats field_75929_E
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectBreakStats field_75930_F
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/allStats field_75940_b
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/generalStats field_75941_c
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/itemStats field_75938_d
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectMineStats field_75939_e
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/leaveGameStat field_75947_j
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/minutesPlayedStat field_75948_k
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timeSinceDeathStat field_180209_h
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceWalkedStat field_75945_l
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceCrouchedStat field_180207_j
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceSprintedStat field_180208_k
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceSwumStat field_75946_m
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceFallenStat field_75943_n
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceClimbedStat field_75944_o
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceFlownStat field_75958_p
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceDoveStat field_75957_q
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByMinecartStat field_75956_r
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByBoatStat field_75955_s
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByPigStat field_75954_t
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByHorseStat field_151185_q
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/jumpStat field_75953_u
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/dropStat field_75952_v
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/damageDealtStat field_75951_w
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/damageTakenStat field_75961_x
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/deathsStat field_75960_y
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mobKillsStat field_75959_z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/statsData field_150875_a
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/underlyingSet field_151004_a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/field_180211_a field_180211_a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/field_180210_b field_180210_b
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/field_181158_a field_181158_a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/map field_180218_a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/knownKeys field_180216_b
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/baseClass field_180217_c
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/values field_181745_e
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/field_178749_a field_178749_a
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/field_178748_b field_178748_b
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/lines minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/lines
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/parent minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/parent
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/reason minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/reason
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/textHeight minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/textHeight
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/title minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/title
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelStorageSource minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelStorageSource
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/previousScreen minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/previousScreen
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/b minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/WIDGETS_LOCATION minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/WIDGETS_LOCATION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154355_a field_154355_a
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154356_b field_154356_b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154357_c field_154357_c
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/aborted minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/aborted
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connection minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connection
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/onlineScreen minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/onlineScreen
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK_NORMALS minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK_NORMALS
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_PADDING minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_PADDING
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_POSITION minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_POSITION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV0 minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV0
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV1 minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ENTITY minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ENTITY
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/PARTICLE minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/PARTICLE
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX2_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX2_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/editBox minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/editBox
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/levelSummary minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/levelSummary
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_U minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_U
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_U minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_U
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/minecraft minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/minecraft
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/host minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/host
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/port minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/port
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/lastPingSnapshot minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/lastPingSnapshot
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/nrOfPlayers minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/nrOfPlayers
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/playerList minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/playerList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154341_a field_154341_a
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154342_b field_154342_b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154343_c field_154343_c
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154344_d field_154344_d
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154345_e field_154345_e
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/connections minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/connections
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/ILLEGAL_FILE_CHARACTERS minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/ILLEGAL_FILE_CHARACTERS
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/NETWORK_PROTOCOL_VERSION minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/NETWORK_PROTOCOL_VERSION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/TICKS_PER_SECOND minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/TICKS_PER_SECOND
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/VERSION_STRING minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/VERSION_STRING
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/maxValue minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/maxValue
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/minValue minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/minValue
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/sliding minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/sliding
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/steps minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/steps
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/value minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/value
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/v minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/v
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/v minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/v
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/instance minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/instance
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/t minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/t
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/field_74267_a field_74267_a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/startTime field_96245_b
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/field_96244_a field_96244_a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/field_73716_a field_73716_a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/field_74274_a field_74274_a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canSpawnAnimals field_71324_y
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canSpawnNPCs field_71323_z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/pvpEnabled field_71284_A
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/allowFlight field_71285_B
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/motd field_71286_C
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/buildLimit field_71280_D
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/maxPlayerIdleMinutes field_143008_E
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverKeyPair field_71292_I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverOwner field_71293_J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/folderName field_71294_K
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldName field_71287_L
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDemo field_71288_M
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/enableBonusChest field_71289_N
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldIsBeingDeleted field_71290_O
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/resourcePackUrl field_147141_M
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/resourcePackHash field_175588_P
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverIsRunning field_71296_Q
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/timeOfLastWarning field_71299_R
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/userMessage field_71298_S
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startProfiling field_71295_T
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isGamemodeForced field_104057_T
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/authService field_152364_T
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/sessionService field_147143_S
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/nanoTimeSinceStatusRefresh field_147142_T
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/profileRepo field_152365_W
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/profileCache field_152366_X
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/USER_CACHE_FILE field_152367_a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverThread field_175590_aa
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/currentTime field_175591_ab
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/commandManager field_71321_q
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/theProfiler field_71304_b
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldServers field_71305_c
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverProxy field_110456_c
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/currentTask field_71302_d
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/percentDone field_71303_e
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tickTimeArray field_71311_j
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/timeOfLastDimensionTick field_71312_k
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/futureTaskQueue field_175589_i
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logger field_147145_h
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/mcServer field_71309_l
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/anvilConverterForAnvilFile field_71310_m
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/usageSnooper field_71307_n
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/anvilFile field_71308_o
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/playersOnline field_71322_p
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/networkSystem field_147144_o
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/statusResponse field_147147_p
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/random field_147146_q
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/hostname field_71320_r
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverPort field_71319_s
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverConfigManager field_71318_t
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverRunning field_71317_u
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverStopped field_71316_v
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tickCounter field_71315_w
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/onlineMode field_71325_x
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/LOGGER field_180198_a
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/frames field_181752_a
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/lastIndex field_181753_b
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/counter field_181754_c
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/index field_181755_d
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151199_a field_151199_a
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151197_b field_151197_b
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151198_c field_151198_c
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151195_d field_151195_d
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151196_e field_151196_e
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151194_g field_151194_g
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/field_180193_a field_180193_a
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/downloadThreadsStarted field_151228_a
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/logger field_151227_b
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/internalMap field_76117_a
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache/CACHE field_181757_a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/hashEntry field_76035_a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/valueEntry field_76033_b
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/nextEntry field_76034_c
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/slotHash field_76032_d
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/slots field_76055_a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/count field_76053_b
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/threshold field_76054_c
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/growFactor field_76051_d
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/value field_179283_a
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/isLoaded field_179282_b
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152759_a field_152759_a
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152760_b field_152760_b
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152761_c field_152761_c
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152762_d field_152762_d
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152763_e field_152763_e
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/key field_76150_a
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/value field_76148_b
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/nextEntry field_76149_c
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/hash field_76147_d
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/hashArray field_76169_a
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/numHashElements field_76167_b
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/mask field_180201_c
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/capacity field_76168_c
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/percentUseable field_76165_d
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/modCount field_76166_e
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/field_151231_a field_151231_a
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/field_151230_b field_151230_b
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/SQRT_2 field_180189_a
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/SIN_TABLE field_76144_a
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/multiplyDeBruijnBitPosition field_151242_b
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181163_d field_181163_d
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181164_e field_181164_e
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181165_f field_181165_f
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76332_a field_76332_a
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76330_b field_76330_b
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76331_c field_76331_c
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingEnabled field_76327_a
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/logger field_151234_b
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/sectionList field_76325_b
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/timestampList field_76326_c
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingSection field_76323_d
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingMap field_76324_e
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76336_a field_76336_a
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76334_b field_76334_b
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76335_c field_76335_c
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/patternControlCode field_76339_a
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/a a
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/field_179615_a field_179615_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/field_179614_b field_179614_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/field_179602_a field_179602_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/field_179601_b field_179601_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179599_a field_179599_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179597_b field_179597_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179598_c field_179598_c
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179595_d field_179595_d
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179596_e field_179596_e
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/field_179593_a field_179593_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/field_179592_b field_179592_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/field_179618_a field_179618_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/field_179617_b field_179617_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/field_179610_a field_179610_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/field_179612_a field_179612_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/field_179627_a field_179627_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/field_179626_b field_179626_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/field_179620_a field_179620_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/field_179623_a field_179623_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/field_179622_b field_179622_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/field_179604_a field_179604_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/tokenPattern field_82389_a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/intListPattern field_82387_b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/keyValueListPattern field_82388_c
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/WORLD_BINDING_ARGS field_179666_d
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item/itemWeight field_76292_a
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/theItemId field_76297_b
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/minStackSize field_76295_d
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/maxStackSize field_76296_e
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/name field_70479_a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/upperChest field_70477_b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/lowerChest field_70478_c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/RANDOM field_180177_a
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/PEACEFUL a
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/EASY b
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/NORMAL c
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/HARD d
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyEnums field_151530_e
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyId field_151527_f
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyResourceKey field_151528_g
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/worldDifficulty field_180172_a
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/additionalDifficulty field_180171_b
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/EMPTY_CODE field_180162_a
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/lock field_180161_b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/inventoryTitle field_70483_a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/slotsCount field_70481_b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/inventoryContents field_70482_c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/changeListeners field_70480_d
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/hasCustomName field_94051_e
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper$1/field_76344_a field_76344_a
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/snooperStats field_152773_a
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/clientStats field_152774_b
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/uniqueID field_76480_b
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/serverUrl field_76481_c
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/playerStatsCollector field_76478_d
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/threadTrigger field_76479_e
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/syncLock field_76476_f
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/minecraftStartTimeMilis field_98224_g
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/isRunning field_76477_g
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/selfCounter field_76483_h
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/damageSrc field_94569_a
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/field_94567_b field_94567_b
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/damage field_94568_c
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/health field_94565_d
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/field_94566_e field_94566_e
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/fallDistance field_94564_f
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/combatEntries field_94556_a
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/fighter field_94554_b
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94555_c field_94555_c
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_152775_d field_152775_d
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_152776_e field_152776_e
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94552_d field_94552_d
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94553_e field_94553_e
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94551_f field_94551_f
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/inFire field_76372_a
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/lightningBolt field_180137_b
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/onFire field_76370_b
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/lava field_76371_c
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/inWall field_76368_d
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/drown field_76369_e
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/starve field_76366_f
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/cactus field_76367_g
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fall field_76379_h
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/outOfWorld field_76380_i
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/generic field_76377_j
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/magic field_76376_m
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/wither field_82727_n
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/anvil field_82728_o
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fallingBlock field_82729_p
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/damageType field_76373_n
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isUnblockable field_76374_o
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDamageAllowedInCreativeMode field_76385_p
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/damageIsAbsolute field_151520_r
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/hungerDamage field_76384_q
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fireDamage field_76383_r
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/projectile field_76382_s
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/difficultyScaled field_76381_t
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/magicDamage field_82730_x
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/explosion field_76378_k
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/damageSourceEntity field_76386_o
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/isThornsDamage field_180140_r
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/indirectEntity field_76387_p
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179608_a field_179608_a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179606_b field_179606_b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179607_c field_179607_c
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180147_A field_180147_A
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180148_B field_180148_B
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180149_C field_180149_C
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180143_D field_180143_D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180144_E field_180144_E
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180145_F field_180145_F
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180146_G field_180146_G
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/id field_76415_H
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180150_I field_180150_I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/attributeModifierMap field_111188_I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isBadEffect field_76418_K
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/liquidColor field_76414_N
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/name field_76416_I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/statusIconIndex field_76417_J
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/effectiveness field_76412_L
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/usable field_76413_M
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/potionTypes field_76425_a
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180151_b field_180151_b
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/moveSpeed field_76424_c
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/moveSlowdown field_76421_d
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/digSpeed field_76422_e
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/digSlowdown field_76419_f
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/damageBoost field_76420_g
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/heal field_76432_h
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/harm field_76433_i
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/jump field_76430_j
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/confusion field_76431_k
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/regeneration field_76428_l
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/resistance field_76429_m
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/fireResistance field_76426_n
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/waterBreathing field_76427_o
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/invisibility field_76441_p
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/blindness field_76440_q
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/nightVision field_76439_r
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/hunger field_76438_s
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/weakness field_76437_t
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/poison field_76436_u
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/wither field_82731_v
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/healthBoost field_180152_w
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/absorption field_76444_x
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/saturation field_76443_y
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180153_z field_180153_z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/LOGGER field_180155_a
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/potionID field_76462_a
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/duration field_76460_b
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/amplifier field_76461_c
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isSplashPotion field_82723_d
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isAmbient field_82724_e
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isPotionDurationMax field_100013_f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/showParticles field_180156_h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/growingAge field_175504_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/field_175502_b field_175502_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/ageWidth field_98056_d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/ageHeight field_98057_e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/field_175503_c field_175503_c
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/field_85155_a field_85155_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/field_96564_a field_96564_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/field_180119_a field_180119_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/field_180117_a field_180117_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevRotationYaw field_70126_B
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevRotationPitch field_70127_C
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onGround field_70122_E
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollidedHorizontally field_70123_F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollidedVertically field_70124_G
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollided field_70132_H
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/velocityChanged field_70133_I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInWeb field_70134_J
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isDead field_70128_L
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/width field_70130_N
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/height field_70131_O
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevDistanceWalkedModified field_70141_P
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/distanceWalkedModified field_70140_Q
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/distanceWalkedOnStepModified field_82151_R
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fallDistance field_70143_R
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosX field_70142_S
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosY field_70137_T
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosZ field_70136_U
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/stepHeight field_70138_W
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/noClip field_70145_X
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityCollisionReduction field_70144_Y
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rand field_70146_Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ticksExisted field_70173_aa
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fireResistance field_70174_ab
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/inWater field_70171_ac
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hurtResistantTime field_70172_ad
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ZERO_AABB field_174836_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/firstUpdate field_70148_d
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToFire field_70178_ae
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dataWatcher field_70180_af
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addedToChunk field_70175_ag
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordX field_70176_ah
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordY field_70162_ai
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordZ field_70164_aj
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ignoreFrustumCheck field_70158_ak
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isAirBorne field_70160_al
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/timeUntilPortal field_71088_bW
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/inPortal field_71087_bX
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/portalCounter field_82153_h
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dimension field_71093_bK
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastPortalPos field_181016_an
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastPortalVec field_181017_ao
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/teleportDirection field_181018_ap
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityUniqueID field_96093_i
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityRiderPitchDelta field_70149_e
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityRiderYawDelta field_70147_f
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/invulnerable field_83001_bt
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/cmdResultStats field_174837_as
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/nextEntityID field_70152_a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosX field_70118_ct
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosY field_70117_cu
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosZ field_70116_cv
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityId field_145783_c
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/boundingBox field_70121_D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOutsideBorder field_174835_g
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/nextStepDistance field_70150_b
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fire field_70151_c
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/renderDistanceWeight field_70155_l
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/preventEntitySpawning field_70156_m
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/riddenByEntity field_70153_n
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ridingEntity field_70154_o
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/forceSpawn field_98038_p
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/worldObj field_70170_p
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosX field_70169_q
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosY field_70167_r
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosZ field_70166_s
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posX field_70165_t
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posY field_70163_u
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posZ field_70161_v
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionX field_70159_w
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionY field_70181_x
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionZ field_70179_y
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rotationYaw field_70177_z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rotationPitch field_70125_A
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/spawnedID field_75613_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/primaryColor field_75611_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/secondaryColor field_75612_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/field_151512_d field_151512_d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/field_151513_e field_151513_e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/entityEggs field_75627_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/logger field_151516_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/stringToClassMapping field_75625_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/classToStringMapping field_75626_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/idToClassMapping field_75623_d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/classToIDMapping field_75624_e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/stringToIDMapping field_180126_g
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/armor field_96567_c
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/selectAnything field_94557_a
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/IS_STANDALONE field_152785_b
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/selectInventories field_96566_b
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/NOT_SPECTATING field_180132_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpColor field_70533_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpOrbAge field_70531_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/delayBeforeCanPickup field_70532_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpOrbHealth field_70529_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpValue field_70530_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/closestPlayer field_80001_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpTargetColor field_80002_g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/field_181170_a field_181170_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sprintingSpeedBoostModifierUUID field_110156_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevLimbSwingAmount field_70722_aY
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/limbSwingAmount field_70721_aZ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/limbSwing field_70754_ba
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/maxHurtResistantTime field_70771_an
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevCameraPitch field_70727_aS
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/cameraPitch field_70726_aT
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomUnused2 field_70769_ao
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomUnused1 field_70770_ap
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/renderYawOffset field_70761_aq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevRenderYawOffset field_70760_ar
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/rotationYawHead field_70759_as
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevRotationYawHead field_70758_at
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jumpMovementFactor field_70747_aH
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackingPlayer field_70717_bb
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/recentlyHit field_70718_bc
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dead field_70729_aU
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityAge field_70708_bq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevOnGroundSpeedFactor field_70768_au
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onGroundSpeedFactor field_110154_aX
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/movedDistance field_70764_aw
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevMovedDistance field_70763_ax
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/unused180 field_70741_aB
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/scoreValue field_70744_aE
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastDamage field_110153_bc
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isJumping field_70703_bu
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveStrafing field_70702_br
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isSwingInProgress field_82175_bq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingProgressInt field_110158_av
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/arrowHitTimer field_70720_be
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/hurtTime field_70737_aN
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/maxHurtTime field_70738_aO
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackedAtYaw field_70739_aP
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/deathTime field_70725_aQ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevSwingProgress field_70732_aI
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingProgress field_70733_aJ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sprintingSpeedBoostModifier field_110157_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveForward field_70701_bs
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomYawVelocity field_70704_bt
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosRotationIncrements field_70716_bi
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosX field_70709_bj
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosY field_70710_bk
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosZ field_110152_bk
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newRotationYaw field_70712_bm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newRotationPitch field_70705_bn
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityLivingToAttack field_70755_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/revengeTimer field_70756_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastAttacker field_110150_bn
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastAttackerTime field_142016_bo
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/landMovementFactor field_70746_aG
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jumpTicks field_70773_bE
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/absorptionAmount field_110151_bq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attributeMap field_110155_d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/_combatTracker field_94063_bt
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/activePotionsMap field_70713_bf
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/previousEquipment field_82180_bT
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/potionsNeedUpdate field_70752_e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/ON_GROUND a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/IN_AIR b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/IN_WATER c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/lookHelper field_70749_g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/livingSoundTime field_70757_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/bodyHelper field_70762_j
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/experienceValue field_70728_aV
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/targetTasks field_70715_bh
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/equipmentDropChances field_82174_bp
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/senses field_70723_bA
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/equipment field_82182_bS
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canPickUpLoot field_82172_bs
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/persistenceRequired field_82179_bU
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isLeashed field_110169_bv
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/leashedToEntity field_110168_bw
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/leashNBTTag field_110170_bx
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/attackTarget field_70696_bz
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/moveHelper field_70765_h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/jumpHelper field_70767_i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/navigator field_70699_by
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/tasks field_70714_bg
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/MONSTER a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/CREATURE b
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/AMBIENT c
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/WATER_CREATURE d
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/creatureClass field_75605_d
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/maxNumberOfCreature field_75606_e
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/creatureMaterial field_75603_f
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/isPeacefulCreature field_75604_g
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/isAnimal field_82707_i
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry/ENTITY_PLACEMENTS field_180110_a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/UNDEFINED a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/UNDEAD b
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/ARTHROPOD c
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/homePosition field_70775_bC
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/maximumHomeDistance field_70772_bD
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER_UUID field_110179_h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER field_110181_i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isMovementAITaskSet field_110180_bt
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/aiBase field_110178_bs
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/objectType field_75678_a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/dataValueId field_75676_b
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/watchedObject field_75677_c
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/watched field_75675_d
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/owner field_151511_a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/isBlank field_92086_a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/dataTypes field_75697_a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/watchedObjects field_75695_b
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/objectChanged field_75696_c
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/lock field_75694_d
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/field_147211_a field_147211_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/aiSit field_70911_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/amount field_111174_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/operation field_111172_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/name field_111173_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/id field_111170_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/isSaved field_111171_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/field_180373_a field_180373_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/unlocalizedName field_111115_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/defaultValue field_111113_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/shouldWatch field_111114_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/attributes field_111154_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/attributesByName field_111153_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/field_180377_c field_180377_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/attributeMap field_111138_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/genericAttribute field_111136_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByOperation field_111137_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByName field_111134_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByUUID field_111135_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/baseValue field_111132_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/needsUpdate field_111133_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/cachedValue field_111139_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/descriptionToAttributeInstanceMap field_111163_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/attributeInstanceSet field_111162_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/minimumValue field_111120_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/maximumValue field_111118_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/description field_111119_c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/theLiving field_75668_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/rotationTickCounter field_75666_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/prevRenderYawHead field_75667_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/isJumping field_75662_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/entity field_75663_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/entity field_75659_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/deltaLookYaw field_75657_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/deltaLookPitch field_75658_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/isLooking field_75655_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posX field_75656_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posY field_75653_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posZ field_75654_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/entity field_75648_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posX field_75646_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posY field_75647_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posZ field_75644_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/speed field_75645_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/update field_75643_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/field_98219_c field_98219_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/theEntity field_75380_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/closestLivingEntity field_75376_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/canBeSeenSelector field_179509_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/farSpeed field_75378_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/nearSpeed field_75379_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/avoidDistance field_179508_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/entityPathEntity field_75374_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/entityPathNavigate field_75375_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/classToAvoid field_181064_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/avoidTargetSelector field_179510_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/theWolf field_75387_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/thePlayer field_75385_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/worldObject field_75386_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/minPlayerDistance field_75383_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/timeoutCounter field_75384_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/breakingTime field_75359_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/previousBreakProgress field_75358_j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/theWorld field_75394_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/spawnBabyDelay field_75392_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/moveSpeed field_75393_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/theAnimal field_75390_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/targetMate field_75391_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/thisEntity field_82640_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/maxSpeed field_82638_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/currentSpeed field_82639_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/speedBoosted field_82636_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/speedBoostTime field_82637_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/maxSpeedBoostTime field_82635_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/theEntity field_75356_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/doorPosition field_179507_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/doorBlock field_151504_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/hasStoppedDoorInteraction field_75350_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/entityPositionX field_75351_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/entityPositionZ field_75357_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/eatingGrassTimer field_151502_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/field_179505_b field_179505_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/grassEaterEntity field_151500_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/entityWorld field_151501_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/theCreature field_75372_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterX field_75370_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterY field_75371_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterZ field_75368_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/movementSpeed field_75369_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/theWorld field_75367_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/theEntity field_75373_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/theWorld field_75342_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/maxDist field_75340_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/minDist field_75341_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/thePet field_75338_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/theOwner field_75339_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/followSpeed field_75336_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/petPathfinder field_75337_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/field_75343_h field_75343_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/field_75344_i field_75344_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/childAnimal field_75348_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/parentAnimal field_75346_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/moveSpeed field_75347_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/delayCounter field_75345_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/mutexBits field_75254_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/action field_75733_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/priority field_75731_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/field_75732_c field_75732_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/logger field_151506_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/taskEntries field_75782_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/executingTaskEntries field_75780_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/theProfiler field_75781_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/tickCount field_75778_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/tickRate field_75779_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/theVillager field_179504_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/hasFarmItem field_179502_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/field_179503_e field_179503_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/field_179501_f field_179501_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leaper field_75328_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leapTarget field_75326_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leapMotionY field_75327_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/theWatcher field_75332_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/closestEntity field_75334_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/maxDistanceForPlayer field_75333_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/watchedClass field_75329_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/lookTime field_75330_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/chance field_75331_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer/theMerchant field_75335_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/villageObj field_75452_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/villagerObj field_75450_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/mate field_75451_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/worldObj field_75448_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/matingTimeout field_75449_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/worldObj field_75443_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/attacker field_75441_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/attackTick field_75439_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/speedTowardsTarget field_75440_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/longMemory field_75437_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/entityPathEntity field_75438_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/classTarget field_75444_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/delayCounter field_75445_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetX field_151497_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetY field_151495_j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetZ field_151496_k
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/entityObj field_75424_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/doorInfo field_75422_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/insidePosX field_75423_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/insidePosZ field_75421_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/theEntity field_75420_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/movementSpeed field_75418_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/entityPathNavigate field_75419_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doorInfo field_75416_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/isNocturnal field_75417_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doorList field_75415_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/runDelay field_179496_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/destinationBlock field_179494_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/theEntity field_179495_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/movementSpeed field_179492_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/timeoutCounter field_179493_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/field_179490_f field_179490_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/isAboveDestination field_179491_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/searchLength field_179497_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/theEntity field_75436_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosX field_75434_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosY field_75435_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosZ field_75432_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movementSpeed field_75433_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/theEntity field_75431_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/targetEntity field_75429_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosX field_75430_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosY field_75427_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosZ field_75428_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/speed field_75425_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/maxTargetDistance field_75426_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theWorld field_75411_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theEntity field_75409_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theVictim field_75410_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/attackCountdown field_75408_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/ocelot field_151493_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/theGolem field_75397_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/theVillager field_75395_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/lookTime field_75396_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/closeDoor field_75361_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/closeDoorTemporisation field_75360_j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/speed field_75265_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/theEntityCreature field_75267_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosX field_75266_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosY field_75263_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosZ field_75264_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/villagerObj field_75262_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/targetVillager field_75260_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/speed field_75261_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/playTime field_75259_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/idleEntity field_75258_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/lookX field_75256_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/lookZ field_75257_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/idleTime field_75255_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/entity field_75457_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/xPosition field_75455_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/yPosition field_75456_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/zPosition field_75453_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/speed field_75454_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/executionChance field_179481_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/mustUpdate field_179482_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/entityHost field_75322_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/rangedAttackEntityHost field_82641_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/attackTarget field_75323_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/rangedAttackTime field_75320_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/entityMoveSpeed field_75321_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_75318_f field_75318_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_96561_g field_96561_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/maxRangedAttackTime field_75325_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_96562_i field_96562_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/maxAttackDistance field_82642_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/entityObj field_75275_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/frontDoor field_75274_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/theEntity field_75273_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/horseHost field_111180_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/speed field_111178_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetX field_111179_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetY field_111176_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetZ field_111177_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/theEntity field_75272_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/isSitting field_75271_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/swellingCreeper field_75269_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/creeperAttackTarget field_75268_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/theVillager field_75294_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/theGolem field_75292_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/takeGolemRoseTick field_75293_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/tookGolemRose field_75291_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptedEntity field_75284_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/speed field_75282_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetX field_75283_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetY field_75280_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetZ field_75281_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/pitch field_75278_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/yaw field_75279_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptingPlayer field_75289_h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/delayTemptCounter field_75290_i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/isRunning field_75287_j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptItem field_151484_k
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/scaredByPlayerMovement field_75285_l
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/avoidWater field_75286_m
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/villager field_75276_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/interactionDelay field_179478_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/villager field_179477_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/irongolem field_75305_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/villageAgressorTarget field_75304_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/entityCallsForHelp field_75312_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/revengeTimerOld field_142052_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/targetClasses field_179447_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/field_179877_a field_179877_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/LOGGER field_179444_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/mob field_179442_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179443_c field_179443_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179440_d field_179440_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/target field_179441_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179439_f field_179439_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/field_179881_a field_179881_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/LOGGER field_179436_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/entityLiving field_179434_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/predicate field_179435_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/sorter field_179432_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/entityTarget field_179433_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/field_111103_c field_111103_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/field_111102_d field_111102_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/theEntity field_75459_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetClass field_75307_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/theNearestAttackableTargetSorter field_75306_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetEntitySelector field_82643_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetEntity field_75309_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetChance field_75308_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed/theTameable field_75310_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/theDefendingTameable field_75316_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/theOwnerAttacker field_75315_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/field_142051_e field_142051_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/theEntityTameable field_75314_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/theTarget field_75313_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/field_142050_e field_142050_e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/nearbyOnly field_75303_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetSearchStatus field_75301_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetSearchDelay field_75302_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetUnseenTicks field_75298_g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/taskOwner field_75299_d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/shouldCheckSight field_75297_f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/nodeProcessor field_179695_a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/shouldAvoidSun field_179694_f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathSearchRange field_75512_e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/theEntity field_75515_a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/worldObj field_75513_b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/currentPath field_75514_c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/speed field_75511_d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/totalTicks field_75510_g
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/ticksAtLastPos field_75520_h
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/lastPosCheck field_75521_i
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/heightRequirement field_179682_i
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathFinder field_179681_j
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/targetPosition field_179696_f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/entityObj field_75526_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/seenEntities field_75524_b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/unseenEntities field_75525_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/staticVector field_75465_a
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/doorBlockPos field_179859_a
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/insideBlock field_179857_b
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/insideDirection field_179858_c
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/lastActivityTimestamp field_75475_f
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/isDetachedFromVillageFlag field_75476_g
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/doorOpeningRestrictionCounter field_75482_h
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/agressor field_75592_a
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/agressionTime field_75590_b
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/field_75591_c field_75591_c
net/minecraft/village/Village/worldObj field_75586_a
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageDoorInfoList field_75584_b
net/minecraft/village/Village/centerHelper field_75585_c
net/minecraft/village/Village/center field_75582_d
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageRadius field_75583_e
net/minecraft/village/Village/lastAddDoorTimestamp field_75580_f
net/minecraft/village/Village/tickCounter field_75581_g
net/minecraft/village/Village/numVillagers field_75588_h
net/minecraft/village/Village/noBreedTicks field_82694_i
net/minecraft/village/Village/playerReputation field_82693_j
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageAgressors field_75589_i
net/minecraft/village/Village/numIronGolems field_75587_j
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/worldObj field_75537_a
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75535_b field_75535_b
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75536_c field_75536_c
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75533_d field_75533_d
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75534_e field_75534_e
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/theVillage field_75531_f
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75532_g field_75532_g
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75538_h field_75538_h
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75539_i field_75539_i
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/worldObj field_75556_a
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/villagerPositionsList field_75554_b
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/newDoors field_75555_c
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/villageList field_75552_d
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/tickCounter field_75553_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/spawnPosition field_82237_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/inLove field_70881_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/spawnableBlock field_175506_bl
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/playerInLove field_146084_br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/wingRotation field_70886_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/destPos field_70883_f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/field_70884_g field_70884_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/field_70888_h field_70888_h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/wingRotDelta field_70889_i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/timeUntilNextEgg field_70887_j
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/chickenJockey field_152118_bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$GroupData/horseType field_111107_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$GroupData/horseVariant field_111106_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_MARKING_TEXTURES_ABBR field_110292_bC
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/eatingHaystackCounter field_110289_bD
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openMouthCounter field_110290_bE
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/jumpRearingCounter field_110295_bF
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseChest field_110296_bG
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/hasReproduced field_110293_bH
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110294_bI field_110294_bI
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/headLean field_110283_bJ
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevHeadLean field_110284_bK
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/rearingAmount field_110281_bL
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevRearingAmount field_110282_bM
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/mouthOpenness field_110287_bN
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevMouthOpenness field_110288_bO
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/gallopTime field_110285_bP
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/texturePrefix field_110286_bQ
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseTexturesArray field_110280_bR
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_175508_bO field_175508_bO
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110278_bp field_110278_bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110279_bq field_110279_bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseJumping field_110275_br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/temper field_110274_bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/jumpPower field_110277_bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseBreedingSelector field_110276_bu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseJumpStrength field_110271_bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseArmorTextures field_110270_bw
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_ARMOR_TEXTURES_ABBR field_110273_bx
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/armorValues field_110272_by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseTextures field_110268_bz
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_TEXTURES_ABBR field_110269_bA
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseMarkingTextures field_110291_bB
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/avoidEntity field_175545_bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/aiTempt field_70914_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/aiControlledByPlayer field_82184_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/NONE a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/HOP b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/STEP c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/SPRINT d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/ATTACK e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/speed field_180076_f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/field_180077_g field_180077_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/duration field_180084_h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/field_180085_i field_180085_i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity/entityInstance field_179511_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData/typeData field_179427_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/field_180069_b field_180069_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/theEntity field_180070_c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/field_180068_d field_180068_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper/theEntity field_179929_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIPanic/theEntity field_179486_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/rabbit field_179500_c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/field_179498_d field_179498_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/field_179499_e field_179499_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/aiAvoidWolves field_175539_bk
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175540_bm field_175540_bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175535_bn field_175535_bn
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175536_bo field_175536_bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175537_bp field_175537_bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/currentMoveTypeDuration field_175538_bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/moveType field_175542_br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/carrotTicks field_175541_bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175543_bt field_175543_bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep$1/field_90034_a field_90034_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/inventoryCrafting field_90016_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/DYE_TO_RGB field_175514_bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/sheepTimer field_70899_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/entityAIEatGrass field_146087_bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/squid field_179476_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidPitch field_70861_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidPitch field_70862_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidYaw field_70860_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidRotation field_70867_h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidRotation field_70868_i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/tentacleAngle field_70866_j
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/lastTentacleAngle field_70865_by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionSpeed field_70863_bz
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/rotationVelocity field_70864_bA
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/field_70871_bB field_70871_bB
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecX field_70872_bC
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecY field_70869_bD
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecZ field_70870_bE
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidYaw field_70859_f
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180099_a field_180099_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180097_b field_180097_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180098_c field_180098_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/villageObj field_70857_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/homeCheckTimer field_70858_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/holdRoseTick field_70856_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/attackTimer field_70855_f
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/pos field_179537_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/blockState field_179535_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/compound field_179536_c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/field_180095_a field_180095_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/headRotationCourse field_70926_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/headRotationCourseOld field_70924_f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isWet field_70925_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isShaking field_70928_h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/timeWolfIsShaking field_70929_i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/prevTimeWolfIsShaking field_70927_j
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/entityDragonObj field_70259_a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/partName field_146032_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/innerRotation field_70261_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/health field_70260_b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetX field_70980_b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetY field_70981_c
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/target field_70993_bI
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/ringBuffer field_70979_e
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/ringBufferIndex field_70976_f
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartArray field_70977_g
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartHead field_70986_h
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartBody field_70987_i
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail1 field_70985_j
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail2 field_70984_by
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail3 field_70982_bz
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartWing1 field_70983_bA
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartWing2 field_70990_bB
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/prevAnimTime field_70991_bC
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/animTime field_70988_bD
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/forceNewTarget field_70989_bE
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/slowed field_70994_bF
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/deathTicks field_70995_bG
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/healingEnderCrystal field_70992_bH
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetZ field_70978_d
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82220_d field_82220_d
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82221_e field_82221_e
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82218_g field_82218_g
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82223_h field_82223_h
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82224_i field_82224_i
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/blockBreakCounter field_82222_j
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntitySelector field_82219_bJ
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82217_f field_82217_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_HEAD_ROTATION field_175435_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_BODY_ROTATION field_175433_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/disabledSlots field_175442_bg
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/field_181028_bj field_181028_bj
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/headRotation field_175443_bh
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/bodyRotation field_175444_bi
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/leftArmRotation field_175438_bj
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/rightArmRotation field_175439_bk
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/leftLegRotation field_175440_bl
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/rightLegRotation field_175441_bm
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_LEFTARM_ROTATION field_175434_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_RIGHTARM_ROTATION field_175431_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_LEFTLEG_ROTATION field_175432_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_RIGHTLEG_ROTATION field_175429_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/contents field_175430_g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canInteract field_175436_h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/punchCooldown field_175437_i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/hangingPosition field_174861_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/facingDirection field_174860_b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/tickCounter1 field_70520_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/itemDropChance field_82337_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/field_180001_A field_180001_A
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/title field_75702_A
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/sizeX field_75703_B
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/sizeY field_75704_C
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/offsetX field_75699_D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/offsetY field_75700_E
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/$VALUES G
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/KEBAB a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/AZTEC b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/ALBAN c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/AZTEC_2 d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BOMB e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/PLANT f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WASTELAND g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/POOL h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/COURBET i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SEA j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SUNSET k
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/CREEBET l
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WANDERER m
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/GRAHAM n
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/MATCH o
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BUST p
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/STAGE q
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/VOID r
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SKULL_AND_ROSES s
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WITHER t
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/FIGHTERS u
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/POINTER v
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/PIGSCENE w
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BURNING_SKULL x
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SKELETON y
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/DONKEY_KONG z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/art field_70522_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/shake field_146044_a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishX field_146056_aC
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishY field_146057_aD
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishZ field_146058_aE
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishYaw field_146059_aF
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishPitch field_146060_aG
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionX field_146061_aH
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionY field_146052_aI
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionZ field_146053_aJ
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/inTile field_146046_j
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/inGround field_146051_au
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksInGround field_146049_av
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksInAir field_146047_aw
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCatchable field_146045_ax
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCaughtDelay field_146040_ay
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCatchableDelay field_146038_az
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishApproachAngle field_146054_aA
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishPosRotationIncrements field_146055_aB
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/angler field_146042_b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/caughtEntity field_146043_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/JUNK field_146039_d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/TREASURE field_146041_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/FISH field_146036_f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/xTile field_146037_g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/yTile field_146048_h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/zTile field_146050_i
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/returnStack field_150711_b
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/maxDamagePercent field_150712_c
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/enchantable field_150710_d
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/boltVertex field_70264_a
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/lightningState field_70262_b
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/boltLivingTime field_70263_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/isBoatEmpty field_70279_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityY field_70280_j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityZ field_70278_an
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/speedMultiplier field_70276_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatPosRotationIncrements field_70277_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatX field_70274_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatY field_70275_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatZ field_70272_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatYaw field_70273_g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatPitch field_70281_h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityX field_70282_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallTime field_145812_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/shouldDropItem field_145813_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/tileEntityData field_145810_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallTile field_175132_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canSetAsBlock field_145808_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/hurtEntities field_145809_g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallHurtMax field_145815_h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallHurtAmount field_145816_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/hoverStart field_70290_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/logger field_145803_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/age field_70292_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/delayBeforeCanPickup field_145804_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/health field_70291_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/thrower field_145801_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/owner field_145802_g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$1/field_180037_a field_180037_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$1/field_180036_b field_180036_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/RIDEABLE a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/CHEST b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/FURNACE c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/TNT d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/SPAWNER e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/HOPPER f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/COMMAND_BLOCK g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/ID_LOOKUP field_180051_h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/networkID field_180052_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/name field_180049_j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/isInReverse field_70499_f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityX field_70508_aq
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityY field_70507_ar
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityZ field_70506_as
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/entityName field_94102_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/matrix field_70500_g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/turnProgress field_70510_h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartX field_70511_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartY field_70509_j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartZ field_70514_an
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartYaw field_70512_ao
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartPitch field_70513_ap
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/field_145768_a field_145768_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/commandBlockLogic field_145824_a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/activatorRailCooldown field_145823_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/minecartContainerItems field_94113_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/dropContentsWhenDead field_94112_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/pushX field_94111_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/pushZ field_94109_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/fuel field_94110_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/isBlocked field_96113_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/transferTicker field_98044_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/field_174900_c field_174900_c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/field_98296_a field_98296_a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/mobSpawnerLogic field_98040_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/minecartTNTFuse field_94106_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/fuse field_70516_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/tntPlacedBy field_94084_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/blaze field_179469_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/field_179467_b field_179467_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/field_179468_c field_179468_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/heightOffset field_70847_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/heightOffsetUpdateTime field_70848_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/lastActiveTime field_70834_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/timeSinceIgnited field_70833_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/explosionRadius field_82226_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/field_175494_bm field_175494_bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/fuseTime field_82225_f
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/field_179949_a field_179949_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/enderman field_179475_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/player field_179448_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/field_179450_h field_179450_h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/field_179451_i field_179451_i
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/enderman field_179449_j
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/enderman field_179473_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackingSpeedBoostModifierUUID field_110192_bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackingSpeedBoostModifier field_110193_bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/isAggressive field_104003_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/carriableBlocks field_70827_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/lifetime field_175497_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/playerSpawned field_175498_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob/mobSelector field_82192_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob/VISIBLE_MOB_SELECTOR field_175450_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/parentEntity field_179472_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/parentEntity field_179927_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/courseChangeCooldown field_179928_h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/attackTimer field_179471_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/parentEntity field_179470_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/parentEntity field_179454_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/explosionStrength field_92014_j
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/field_179914_a field_179914_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/theEntity field_179456_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/tickCounter field_179455_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/parentEntity field_179916_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper/entityGuardian field_179930_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175482_b field_175482_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175484_c field_175484_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175485_bl field_175485_bl
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175486_bm field_175486_bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/targetedEntity field_175478_bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175479_bo field_175479_bo
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175480_bp field_175480_bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/wander field_175481_bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175483_bk field_175483_bk
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER_UUID field_110189_bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/angerLevel field_70837_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/randomSoundDelay field_70838_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/angerTargetUUID field_175459_bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER field_110190_br
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/maxHealth field_111267_a
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/followRange field_111265_b
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/knockbackResistance field_111266_c
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/movementSpeed field_111263_d
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/attackDamage field_111264_e
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/logger field_151476_f
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/silverfish field_179485_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/facing field_179483_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/field_179484_c field_179484_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/silverfish field_179464_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/field_179463_b field_179463_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/summonSilverfish field_175460_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/aiArrowAttack field_85037_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/aiAttackOnCollide field_85038_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/slime field_179466_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/field_179465_b field_179465_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/slime field_179457_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/slime field_179458_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179922_g field_179922_g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179924_h field_179924_h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/slime field_179925_i
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179923_j field_179923_j
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/slime field_179461_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/field_179459_b field_179459_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/field_179460_c field_179460_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/squishAmount field_70813_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/squishFactor field_70811_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/wasOnGround field_175452_bi
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/prevSquishFactor field_70812_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$GroupData/potionEffectId field_111105_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/MODIFIER_UUID field_110184_bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/MODIFIER field_110185_bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/witchAttackTimer field_82200_e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/witchDrops field_82199_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/isChild field_142048_a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/isVillager field_142046_b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/field_142047_c field_142047_c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/reinforcementChance field_110186_bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/babySpeedBoostUUID field_110187_bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/breakDoor field_146075_bs
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/conversionTime field_82234_d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isBreakDoorsTaskSet field_146076_bu
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/zombieWidth field_146074_bv
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/zombieHeight field_146073_bw
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/babySpeedBoostModifier field_110188_br
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/theMerchantInventory field_70937_a
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/customer field_70935_b
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/recipeList field_70936_c
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/field_175548_d field_175548_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/sellItem field_179405_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/price field_179404_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/enchantedItemStack field_179407_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/priceInfo field_179406_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/buyingItemStack field_179411_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/buyingPriceInfo field_179409_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/sellingItemstack field_179410_c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/field_179408_d field_179408_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/itemToBuy field_179403_a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/priceInfo field_179402_b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/areAdditionalTasksSet field_175564_by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/villagerInventory field_175560_bz
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/DEFAULT_TRADE_LIST_MAP field_175561_bA
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/villageObj field_70954_d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/randomTickDivider field_70955_e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isMating field_70952_f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isPlaying field_70953_g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/buyingPlayer field_70962_h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/buyingList field_70963_i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/timeUntilReset field_70961_j
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/needsInitilization field_70959_by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isWillingToMate field_175565_bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/wealth field_70956_bz
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/lastBuyingPlayer field_82189_bL
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/careerId field_175563_bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/careerLevel field_175562_bw
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isLookingForHome field_82190_bM
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/disableDamage field_75102_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/isFlying field_75100_b
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/allowFlying field_75101_c
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/isCreativeMode field_75098_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/allowEdit field_75099_e
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/flySpeed field_75096_f
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/walkSpeed field_75097_g
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/field_96634_a field_96634_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/field_96633_b field_96633_b
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/mainInventory field_70462_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/armorInventory field_70460_b
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/currentItem field_70461_c
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/player field_70458_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/inventoryChanged field_70459_e
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/itemStack field_70457_g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$1/field_179420_a field_179420_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/OK a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_POSSIBLE_HERE b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_POSSIBLE_NOW c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/TOO_FAR_AWAY d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/OTHER_PROBLEM e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_SAFE f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/FULL a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/SYSTEM b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/HIDDEN c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/ID_LOOKUP field_151432_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/chatVisibility field_151433_e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/resourceKey field_151430_f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/theInventoryEnderChest field_71078_a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sleepTimer field_71076_b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/capabilities field_71075_bZ
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experienceLevel field_71068_ca
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experienceTotal field_71067_cb
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experience field_71106_cc
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/speedOnGround field_71108_cd
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/speedInAir field_71102_ce
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/fishEntity field_71104_cf
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/gameProfile field_146106_i
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/hasReducedDebug field_175153_bG
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetY field_71082_cx
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/inventory field_71071_by
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/inventoryContainer field_71069_bz
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openContainer field_71070_bA
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/foodStats field_71100_bB
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/flyToggleTimer field_71101_bC
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevCameraYaw field_71107_bF
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/cameraYaw field_71109_bG
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpCooldown field_71090_bL
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosX field_71091_bM
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosY field_71096_bN
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosZ field_71097_bO
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosX field_71094_bP
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosY field_71095_bQ
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosZ field_71085_bR
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sleeping field_71083_bS
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/playerLocation field_71081_bT
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetX field_71079_bU
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetZ field_71089_bV
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/spawnChunk field_71077_c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/spawnForced field_82248_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/startMinecartRidingCoordinate field_71073_d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpSeed field_175152_f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/itemInUse field_71074_e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/itemInUseCount field_71072_f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/lastXPSound field_82249_h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/CAPE a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/JACKET b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/LEFT_SLEEVE c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/RIGHT_SLEEVE d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/LEFT_PANTS_LEG e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/RIGHT_PANTS_LEG f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/HAT g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partId field_179340_h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partMask field_179341_i
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partName field_179338_j
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/field_179339_k field_179339_k
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canBePickedUp field_70251_a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/ticksInGround field_70252_j
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/ticksInAir field_70257_an
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/damage field_70255_ao
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/knockbackStrength field_70256_ap
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/arrowShake field_70249_b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/shootingEntity field_70250_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/xTile field_145791_d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/yTile field_145792_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/zTile field_145789_f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inTile field_145790_g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inData field_70253_h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inGround field_70254_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetX field_70224_b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetY field_70225_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetZ field_70222_d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/despawnTimer field_70223_e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/shatterOrDrop field_70221_f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/shootingEntity field_70235_a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/ticksAlive field_70236_j
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/ticksInAir field_70234_an
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationX field_70232_b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationY field_70233_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationZ field_70230_d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/xTile field_145795_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/yTile field_145793_f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/zTile field_145794_g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/inTile field_145796_h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/inGround field_70238_i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/fireworkAge field_92056_a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/lifetime field_92055_b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/explosionPower field_92057_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/inGround field_174854_a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/ticksInAir field_70195_i
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/throwableShake field_70191_b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/xTile field_145788_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/yTile field_145786_d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/zTile field_145787_e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/inTile field_174853_f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/thrower field_70192_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/throwerName field_85053_h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/ticksInGround field_70194_h
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/logger field_147208_a
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/profileStartTime field_147206_b
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/profileStartTick field_147207_c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/field_181555_c field_181555_c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/potionDamage field_70197_d
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodLevel field_75127_a
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodSaturationLevel field_75125_b
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodExhaustionLevel field_75126_c
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodTimer field_75123_d
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/prevFoodLevel field_75124_e
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/transactionID field_75150_e
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/inventoryItemStacks field_75153_a
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/inventorySlots field_75151_b
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/windowId field_75152_c
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/crafters field_75149_d
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragMode field_94535_f
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragEvent field_94536_g
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragSlots field_94537_h
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/playerList field_75148_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$1/field_135010_a field_135010_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_135071_a field_135071_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_178174_b field_178174_b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_135068_e field_135068_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/maximumCost field_82854_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/logger field_148326_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/outputSlot field_82852_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/inputSlots field_82853_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/theWorld field_82860_h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/selfPosition field_178156_j
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/materialCost field_82856_l
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/repairedItemName field_82857_m
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/thePlayer field_82855_n
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/field_82876_a field_82876_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/tileBeacon field_82866_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/beaconSlot field_82864_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/field_75226_a field_75226_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/player field_75244_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/tileBrewingStand field_75188_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/theSlot field_75186_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/brewTime field_75187_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/lowerChestInventory field_75155_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/numRows field_75154_f
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/stackList field_70466_a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/inventoryWidth field_70464_b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/inventoryHeight field_174924_c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/eventHandler field_70465_c
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/craftMatrix field_75162_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/craftResult field_75160_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/worldObj field_75161_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/pos field_178145_h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/dispenserInventory field_178146_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/field_70484_a field_70484_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/field_75227_a field_75227_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$3/field_178172_a field_178172_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/tableInventory field_75168_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/xpSeed field_178149_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantLevels field_75167_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantmentIds field_178151_h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/worldPointer field_75172_h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/position field_178150_j
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/rand field_75169_l
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/tileFurnace field_75158_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/cookTime field_178152_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/totalCookTime field_178153_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/furnaceBurnTime field_178154_h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/currentItemBurnTime field_178155_i
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/thePlayer field_75229_a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/field_75228_b field_75228_b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/hopperInventory field_94538_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$1/field_111239_a field_111239_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/field_111241_a field_111241_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/field_111240_b field_111240_b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/horseInventory field_111243_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/theHorse field_111242_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/field_75236_a field_75236_a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/field_75235_b field_75235_b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/craftMatrix field_75181_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/craftResult field_75179_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/isLocalWorld field_75180_g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/thePlayer field_82862_h
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/theMerchant field_70476_a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/theInventory field_70474_b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/thePlayer field_70475_c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/currentRecipe field_70472_d
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/currentRecipeIndex field_70473_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/theMerchant field_75178_e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/merchantInventory field_75176_f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/theWorld field_75177_g
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/theMerchantInventory field_75233_a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/thePlayer field_75232_b
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/field_75231_g field_75231_g
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/theMerchant field_75234_h
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/associatedChest field_70488_a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/stackResult field_70467_a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/craftMatrix field_75239_a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/thePlayer field_75238_b
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/amountCrafted field_75237_g
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/slotIndex field_75225_a
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/inventory field_75224_c
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/slotNumber field_75222_d
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/xDisplayPosition field_75223_e
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/yDisplayPosition field_75221_f
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/LEATHER a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/CHAIN b
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/IRON c
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/GOLD d
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/DIAMOND e
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/name field_179243_f
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/maxDamageFactor field_78048_f
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/damageReductionAmountArray field_78049_g
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/enchantability field_78055_h
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/EMPTY_SLOT_NAMES field_94603_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/armorType field_77881_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/damageReduceAmount field_77879_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/renderIndex field_77880_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/maxDamageArray field_77882_bY
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/dispenserBehavior field_96605_cw
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/material field_77878_bZ
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe/EFFECTIVE_ON field_150917_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/block field_150939_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed/block field_150935_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/bowPullIconNameArray field_94601_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/isFull field_77876_a
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/creativeTabArray field_78032_a
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabBlock field_78030_b
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabDecorations field_78031_c
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabRedstone field_78028_d
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabTransport field_78029_e
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabMisc field_78026_f
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabAllSearch field_78027_g
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabFood field_78039_h
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabTools field_78040_i
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabCombat field_78037_j
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabBrewing field_78038_k
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabMaterials field_78035_l
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabInventory field_78036_m
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabIndex field_78033_n
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabLabel field_78034_o
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/theTexture field_78043_p
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/hasScrollbar field_78042_q
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/drawTitle field_78041_r
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/enchantmentTypes field_111230_s
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/iconItemStack field_151245_t
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/efficiencyOnProperMaterial field_77864_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/toolMaterial field_77862_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/effectiveBlocks field_150914_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/damageVsEntity field_77865_bY
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/block field_179236_a
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/WHITE a
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/ORANGE b
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/MAGENTA c
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/LIGHT_BLUE d
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/YELLOW e
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/LIME f
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/PINK g
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/GRAY h
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/SILVER i
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/CYAN j
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/PURPLE k
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BLUE l
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BROWN m
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/GREEN n
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/RED o
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BLACK p
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/META_LOOKUP field_176790_q
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/DYE_DMG_LOOKUP field_176789_r
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/meta field_176788_s
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/dyeDamage field_176787_t
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/name field_176786_u
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/unlocalizedName field_176785_v
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/mapColor field_176784_w
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/chatColor field_176793_x
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/$VALUES y
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/dyeColors field_150922_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/COD a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/SALMON b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/CLOWNFISH c
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/PUFFERFISH d
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/META_LOOKUP field_150983_e
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/meta field_150980_f
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/unlocalizedName field_150981_g
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/uncookedHealAmount field_150991_j
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/uncookedSaturationModifier field_150992_k
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookedHealAmount field_150989_l
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookedSaturationModifier field_150990_m
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookable field_150987_n
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/cooked field_150907_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/itemUseDuration field_77855_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/healAmount field_77853_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/saturationModifier field_77854_c
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/isWolfsFavoriteMeat field_77856_bY
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/alwaysEdible field_77852_bZ
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionId field_77851_ca
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionDuration field_77850_cb
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionAmplifier field_77857_cc
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionEffectProbability field_77858_cd
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/hangingEntityClass field_82811_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe$1/field_179590_a field_179590_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/theToolMaterial field_77843_a
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/WOOD a
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/STONE b
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/IRON c
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/EMERALD d
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/GOLD e
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/harvestLevel field_78001_f
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/maxUses field_78002_g
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/efficiencyOnProperMaterial field_78010_h
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/damageVsEntity field_78011_i
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/enchantability field_78008_j
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/item/Item/BLOCK_TO_ITEM field_179220_a
net/minecraft/item/Item/tabToDisplayOn field_77701_a
net/minecraft/item/Item/maxDamage field_77699_b
net/minecraft/item/Item/containerItem field_77700_c
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemRegistry field_150901_e
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemModifierUUID field_111210_e
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemRand field_77697_d
net/minecraft/item/Item/maxStackSize field_77777_bU
net/minecraft/item/Item/bFull3D field_77789_bW
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasSubtypes field_77787_bX
net/minecraft/item/Item/potionEffect field_77785_bY
net/minecraft/item/Item/unlocalizedName field_77774_bZ
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/DECIMALFORMAT field_111284_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/stackSize field_77994_a
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/animationsToGo field_77992_b
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/item field_151002_e
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/stackTagCompound field_77990_d
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/itemDamage field_77991_e
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/itemFrame field_82843_f
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroyCacheBlock field_179552_h
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroyCacheResult field_179553_i
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOnCacheBlock field_179550_j
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOnCacheResult field_179551_k
net/minecraft/init/Items/mushroom_stew field_151009_A
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_sword field_151010_B
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_shovel field_151011_C
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_pickaxe field_151005_D
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_axe field_151006_E
net/minecraft/init/Items/string field_151007_F
net/minecraft/init/Items/feather field_151008_G
net/minecraft/init/Items/gunpowder field_151016_H
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_hoe field_151017_I
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_hoe field_151018_J
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_hoe field_151019_K
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_hoe field_151012_L
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_hoe field_151013_M
net/minecraft/init/Items/wheat_seeds field_151014_N
net/minecraft/init/Items/wheat field_151015_O
net/minecraft/init/Items/bread field_151025_P
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_helmet field_151024_Q
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_chestplate field_151027_R
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_leggings field_151026_S
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_boots field_151021_T
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_helmet field_151020_U
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_chestplate field_151023_V
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_leggings field_151022_W
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_boots field_151029_X
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_helmet field_151028_Y
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_chestplate field_151030_Z
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_shovel field_151037_a
net/minecraft/init/Items/saddle field_151141_av
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_door field_151139_aw
net/minecraft/init/Items/redstone field_151137_ax
net/minecraft/init/Items/snowball field_151126_ay
net/minecraft/init/Items/boat field_151124_az
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather field_151116_aA
net/minecraft/init/Items/milk_bucket field_151117_aB
net/minecraft/init/Items/brick field_151118_aC
net/minecraft/init/Items/clay_ball field_151119_aD
net/minecraft/init/Items/reeds field_151120_aE
net/minecraft/init/Items/paper field_151121_aF
net/minecraft/init/Items/book field_151122_aG
net/minecraft/init/Items/slime_ball field_151123_aH
net/minecraft/init/Items/chest_minecart field_151108_aI
net/minecraft/init/Items/furnace_minecart field_151109_aJ
net/minecraft/init/Items/egg field_151110_aK
net/minecraft/init/Items/compass field_151111_aL
net/minecraft/init/Items/fishing_rod field_151112_aM
net/minecraft/init/Items/clock field_151113_aN
net/minecraft/init/Items/glowstone_dust field_151114_aO
net/minecraft/init/Items/fish field_151115_aP
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_fish field_179566_aV
net/minecraft/init/Items/dye field_151100_aR
net/minecraft/init/Items/bone field_151103_aS
net/minecraft/init/Items/sugar field_151102_aT
net/minecraft/init/Items/cake field_151105_aU
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_leggings field_151165_aa
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_boots field_151167_ab
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_helmet field_151161_ac
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_chestplate field_151163_ad
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_leggings field_151173_ae
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_boots field_151175_af
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_helmet field_151169_ag
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_chestplate field_151171_ah
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_leggings field_151149_ai
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_boots field_151151_aj
net/minecraft/init/Items/flint field_151145_ak
net/minecraft/init/Items/porkchop field_151147_al
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_porkchop field_151157_am
net/minecraft/init/Items/painting field_151159_an
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_apple field_151153_ao
net/minecraft/init/Items/sign field_151155_ap
net/minecraft/init/Items/oak_door field_179570_aq
net/minecraft/init/Items/spruce_door field_179569_ar
net/minecraft/init/Items/birch_door field_179568_as
net/minecraft/init/Items/jungle_door field_179567_at
net/minecraft/init/Items/acacia_door field_179572_au
net/minecraft/init/Items/dark_oak_door field_179571_av
net/minecraft/init/Items/bucket field_151133_ar
net/minecraft/init/Items/water_bucket field_151131_as
net/minecraft/init/Items/lava_bucket field_151129_at
net/minecraft/init/Items/minecart field_151143_au
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_pickaxe field_151035_b
net/minecraft/init/Items/glass_bottle field_151069_bo
net/minecraft/init/Items/spider_eye field_151070_bp
net/minecraft/init/Items/fermented_spider_eye field_151071_bq
net/minecraft/init/Items/blaze_powder field_151065_br
net/minecraft/init/Items/magma_cream field_151064_bs
net/minecraft/init/Items/brewing_stand field_151067_bt
net/minecraft/init/Items/cauldron field_151066_bu
net/minecraft/init/Items/ender_eye field_151061_bv
net/minecraft/init/Items/speckled_melon field_151060_bw
net/minecraft/init/Items/spawn_egg field_151063_bx
net/minecraft/init/Items/experience_bottle field_151062_by
net/minecraft/init/Items/fire_charge field_151059_bz
net/minecraft/init/Items/writable_book field_151099_bA
net/minecraft/init/Items/written_book field_151164_bB
net/minecraft/init/Items/emerald field_151166_bC
net/minecraft/init/Items/item_frame field_151160_bD
net/minecraft/init/Items/flower_pot field_151162_bE
net/minecraft/init/Items/carrot field_151172_bF
net/minecraft/init/Items/potato field_151174_bG
net/minecraft/init/Items/baked_potato field_151168_bH
net/minecraft/init/Items/poisonous_potato field_151170_bI
net/minecraft/init/Items/map field_151148_bJ
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_carrot field_151150_bK
net/minecraft/init/Items/skull field_151144_bL
net/minecraft/init/Items/carrot_on_a_stick field_151146_bM
net/minecraft/init/Items/nether_star field_151156_bN
net/minecraft/init/Items/bed field_151104_aV
net/minecraft/init/Items/repeater field_151107_aW
net/minecraft/init/Items/cookie field_151106_aX
net/minecraft/init/Items/filled_map field_151098_aY
net/minecraft/init/Items/shears field_151097_aZ
net/minecraft/init/Items/melon field_151127_ba
net/minecraft/init/Items/pumpkin_seeds field_151080_bb
net/minecraft/init/Items/melon_seeds field_151081_bc
net/minecraft/init/Items/beef field_151082_bd
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_beef field_151083_be
net/minecraft/init/Items/chicken field_151076_bf
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_chicken field_151077_bg
net/minecraft/init/Items/mutton field_179561_bm
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_mutton field_179557_bn
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit field_179558_bo
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_rabbit field_179559_bp
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_stew field_179560_bq
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_foot field_179556_br
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_hide field_179555_bs
net/minecraft/init/Items/rotten_flesh field_151078_bh
net/minecraft/init/Items/ender_pearl field_151079_bi
net/minecraft/init/Items/blaze_rod field_151072_bj
net/minecraft/init/Items/ghast_tear field_151073_bk
net/minecraft/init/Items/gold_nugget field_151074_bl
net/minecraft/init/Items/nether_wart field_151075_bm
net/minecraft/init/Items/potionitem field_151068_bn
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_axe field_151036_c
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_11 field_151086_cn
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_wait field_151084_co
net/minecraft/init/Items/prismarine_shard field_179562_cC
net/minecraft/init/Items/prismarine_crystals field_179563_cD
net/minecraft/init/Items/banner field_179564_cE
net/minecraft/init/Items/pumpkin_pie field_151158_bO
net/minecraft/init/Items/fireworks field_151152_bP
net/minecraft/init/Items/firework_charge field_151154_bQ
net/minecraft/init/Items/enchanted_book field_151134_bR
net/minecraft/init/Items/comparator field_151132_bS
net/minecraft/init/Items/netherbrick field_151130_bT
net/minecraft/init/Items/quartz field_151128_bU
net/minecraft/init/Items/tnt_minecart field_151142_bV
net/minecraft/init/Items/hopper_minecart field_151140_bW
net/minecraft/init/Items/armor_stand field_179565_cj
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_horse_armor field_151138_bX
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_horse_armor field_151136_bY
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_horse_armor field_151125_bZ
net/minecraft/init/Items/lead field_151058_ca
net/minecraft/init/Items/name_tag field_151057_cb
net/minecraft/init/Items/command_block_minecart field_151095_cc
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_13 field_151096_cd
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_cat field_151093_ce
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_blocks field_151094_cf
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_chirp field_151091_cg
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_far field_151092_ch
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_mall field_151089_ci
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_mellohi field_151090_cj
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_stal field_151087_ck
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_strad field_151088_cl
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_ward field_151085_cm
net/minecraft/init/Items/flint_and_steel field_151033_d
net/minecraft/init/Items/apple field_151034_e
net/minecraft/init/Items/bow field_151031_f
net/minecraft/init/Items/arrow field_151032_g
net/minecraft/init/Items/coal field_151044_h
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond field_151045_i
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_ingot field_151042_j
net/minecraft/init/Items/gold_ingot field_151043_k
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_sword field_151040_l
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_sword field_151041_m
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_shovel field_151038_n
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_pickaxe field_151039_o
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_axe field_151053_p
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_sword field_151052_q
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_shovel field_151051_r
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_pickaxe field_151050_s
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_axe field_151049_t
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_sword field_151048_u
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_shovel field_151047_v
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_pickaxe field_151046_w
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_axe field_151056_x
net/minecraft/init/Items/stick field_151055_y
net/minecraft/init/Items/bowl field_151054_z
METHODS
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/func_175744_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; func_175744_a (I)La;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getTextWithoutFormattingCodes (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_110646_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getValidValues (ZZ)Ljava/util/Collection; func_96296_a (ZZ)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getColorIndex ()I func_175746_b ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getValueByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; func_96300_b (Ljava/lang/String;)La;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/isFancyStyling ()Z func_96301_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/func_175745_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_175745_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/isColor ()Z func_96302_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getFriendlyName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96297_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; values ()[La;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/loadMapData (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData; func_150912_a (ILadm;)Latg;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/updateMapData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V func_77872_a (Ladm;Lpk;Latg;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/getMapData (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData; func_77873_a (Lzx;Ladm;)Latg;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V func_77663_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/createMapDataPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_150911_c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/onCreated (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77622_d (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; a (Laad;)Lva$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemNameTag/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_111207_a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150897_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPiston/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getEffects (I)Ljava/util/List; func_77834_f (I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/isSplash (I)Z func_77831_g (I)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getColorFromDamage (I)I func_77620_a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/isEffectInstant (I)Z func_77833_h (I)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getEffects (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/List; func_77832_l (Lzx;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; values ()[Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRecord (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemRecord; func_150926_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Laak;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRecordNameLocal ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150927_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; func_77613_e (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRedstone/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77644_a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_111207_a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_179218_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150897_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150897_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSign/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSimpleFoiled/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/updateItemStackNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_179215_a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_179222_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lwn;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/tryPlace (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z func_180615_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lcj;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnowball/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/spawnCreature (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IDDD)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_77840_a (Ladm;IDDD)Lpk;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_179218_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77644_a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_82789_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150897_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getDamageVsEntity ()F func_150931_i ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getToolMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150932_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; func_111205_h ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/setSubtypeNames ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemColored; func_150943_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Laaz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getListOfPlayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_90022_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; values ()[Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook/isNBTValid (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_150930_a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/resolveContents (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_179229_a (Lzx;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/validBookTagContents (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_77828_a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/getGeneration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_179230_h (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefixIndex (I)I func_77909_a (I)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/checkFlag (II)Z func_77914_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefixIndexFlags (IIIIII)I func_77908_a (IIIIII)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/brewBitOperations (IIZZZ)I func_77906_a (IIZZZ)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/applyIngredient (ILjava/lang/String;)I func_77913_a (ILjava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getLiquidColor (IZ)I func_77915_a (IZ)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/parsePotionEffects (Ljava/lang/String;III)I func_77912_a (Ljava/lang/String;III)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/calcPotionLiquidColor (Ljava/util/Collection;)I func_77911_a (Ljava/util/Collection;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionEffect (ZZZIIII)I func_77904_a (ZZZIIII)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionEffects (IZ)Ljava/util/List; func_77917_b (IZ)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getAreAmbient (Ljava/util/Collection;)Z func_82817_b (Ljava/util/Collection;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefix (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_77905_c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/isFlagSet (II)I func_77910_c (II)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/isFlagUnset (II)I func_77916_d (II)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/countSetFlags (I)I func_77907_h (I)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77609_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/func_179533_c (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; func_179533_c (Lxp;)Laku$a;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_179534_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesDyes/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77607_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesFood/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77608_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/instance ()Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes; func_77602_a ()Labo;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmeltingRecipeForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V func_151393_a (Lafh;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmelting (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V func_151396_a (Lzw;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingResult (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_151395_a (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/compareItemStacks (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_151397_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmeltingRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V func_151394_a (Lzx;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingList ()Ljava/util/Map; func_77599_b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingExperience (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F func_151398_b (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77590_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;)I a (Labs;Labs;)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager; func_77594_a ()Labt;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;)V func_180302_a (Labs;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/findMatchingRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82787_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes; func_92103_a (Lzx;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Labv;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/getRecipeList ()Ljava/util/List; func_77592_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/func_180303_b (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180303_b (Lxp;Ladm;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addShapelessRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_77596_b (Lzx;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/checkMatch (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;IIZ)Z func_77573_a (Lxp;IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRecipeSize ()I func_77570_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77572_b (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_77569_a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77571_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_179532_b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesCrafting/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77589_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77586_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V func_77583_a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77320_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/calcDamageByCreature (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F func_152376_a (ILpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z func_77326_a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/onEntityDamaged (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_151368_a (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/negateDamage (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILjava/util/Random;)Z func_92097_a (Lzx;ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77320_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/calcModifierDamage (ILnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I func_77318_a (ILow;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/calcDamageByCreature (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F func_152376_a (ILpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z func_77326_a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/onEntityDamaged (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_151368_a (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getEnchantmentByLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; func_180305_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/onUserHurt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_151367_b (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/func_181077_c ()Ljava/util/Set; func_181077_c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getEnchantmentById (I)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; func_180306_c (I)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; func_77322_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getWeight ()I func_77324_c ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getTranslatedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_77316_c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMinLevel ()I func_77319_d ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/canEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_77557_a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lacj;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; values ()[Lacj;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77493_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77493_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77493_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77493_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77493_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantmentLevel (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77506_a (ILzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getMaxEnchantmentLevel (I[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77511_a (I[Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantedItem (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_92099_a (Laci;Lpr;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyEnchantmentModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_77518_a (Lack$c;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyEnchantmentModifierArray (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier;[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_77516_a (Lack$c;[Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/setEnchantments (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82782_a (Ljava/util/Map;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/calcItemStackEnchantability (Ljava/util/Random;IILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77514_a (Ljava/util/Random;IILzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/addRandomEnchantment (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77504_a (Ljava/util/Random;Lzx;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getRespiration (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I func_180319_a (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getKnockbackModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_77501_a (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyThornEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_151384_a (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/Map; func_82781_a (Lzx;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getModifierForCreature (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F func_152377_a (Lzx;Lpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantmentModifierDamage ([Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I func_77508_a ([Lzx;Low;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/mapEnchantmentData (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/Map; func_77505_b (ILzx;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/buildEnchantmentList (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Ljava/util/List; func_77513_b (Ljava/util/Random;Lzx;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getDepthStriderModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I func_180318_b (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getFireAspectModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_90036_a (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyArthropodEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_151385_b (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEfficiencyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_77509_b (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getSilkTouchModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77502_d (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getFortuneModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_77517_e (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLuckOfSeaModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_151386_g (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLureModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_151387_h (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLootingModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I func_77519_f (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getAquaAffinityModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77510_g (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z func_77326_a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77320_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/calcModifierDamage (ILnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I func_77318_a (ILow;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z func_77326_a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/func_92092_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)D func_92092_a (Lpk;D)D
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getFireTimeForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)I func_92093_a (Lpk;I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/func_92094_a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z func_92094_a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/func_92095_b (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_92095_b (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/onUserHurt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_151367_b (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z func_77326_a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_92089_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMinEnchantability (I)I func_77321_a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMaxLevel ()I func_77325_b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMaxEnchantability (I)I func_77317_b (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V func_70933_a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V func_70930_a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70932_a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_110297_a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; func_70934_b (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_70931_l_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getItemToBuy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77394_a ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/increaseMaxTradeUses (I)V func_82783_a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/readFromTags (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_77390_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getSecondItemToBuy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77396_b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/hasSecondItemToBuy ()Z func_77398_c ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getItemToSell ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77397_d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getToolUses ()I func_180321_e ()I
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getMaxTradeUses ()I func_180320_f ()I
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/incrementToolUses ()V func_77399_f ()V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/isRecipeDisabled ()Z func_82784_g ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/compensateToolUses ()V func_82785_h ()V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getRewardsExp ()Z func_180322_j ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/writeToTags ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_77395_g ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/getRecipiesAsTags ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_77202_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/readRecipiesFromTags (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_77201_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/writeToBuf (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_151391_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/func_181078_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_181078_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/canRecipeBeUsed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe; func_77203_a (Lzx;Lzx;I)Lacz;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/readFromBuf (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; func_151390_b (Lem;)Lada;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/trigger (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_145755_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/writeDataToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145758_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145752_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/tryOpenEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_175574_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setTrackOutput (Z)V func_175573_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/readDataFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145759_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setLastOutput (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145750_b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145754_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/updateCommand ()V func_145756_e ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/func_145751_f ()I func_145751_f ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getSuccessCount ()I func_145760_g ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getLastOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145749_h ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getCommand ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145753_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/shouldTrackOutput ()Z func_175571_m ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getCommandResultStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; func_175572_n ()Ln;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/toNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_98220_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ladd$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (Ladd$a;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_98271_a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/func_98267_a (I)V func_98267_a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setRandomEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)V func_98277_a (Ladd$a;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/func_180612_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_180612_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_98270_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setEntityName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_98272_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnNewEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_180613_a (Lpk;Z)Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177221_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setDelayToMin (I)Z func_98268_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_98280_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/updateSpawner ()V func_98278_g ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getMobRotation ()D func_177222_d ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getPrevMobRotation ()D func_177223_e ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getEntityNameToSpawn ()Ljava/lang/String; func_98276_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/isActivated ()Z func_98279_f ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/resetTimer ()V func_98273_j ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getRandomEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart; func_98269_i ()Ladd$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180328_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getEventID ()I func_151339_d ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getEventParameter ()I func_151338_e ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_151337_f ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; values ()[Ladf;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterXPos ()I func_77273_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterBlock (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180619_a (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkXZ2Int (II)J func_77272_a (II)J
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getBlock (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180331_a (III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterZPosition ()I func_77274_b ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getXStart ()I func_180334_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getZStart ()I func_180333_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getXEnd ()I func_180332_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getZEnd ()I func_180330_f ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/doExplosionA ()V func_77278_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/doExplosionB (Z)V func_77279_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getPlayerKnockbackMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_77277_b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getExplosivePlacedBy ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_94613_c ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/clearAffectedBlockPositions ()V func_180342_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getAffectedBlockPositions ()Ljava/util/List; func_180343_e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorPine ()I func_77466_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColor (DD)I func_77470_a (DD)I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/setFoliageBiomeColorizer ([I)V func_77467_a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorBirch ()I func_77469_b ()I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorBasic ()I func_77468_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_82756_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_82757_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getBoolean ()Z func_82758_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getInt ()I func_180255_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType; func_180254_e ()Ladk$b;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType; values ()[Ladk$b;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/writeToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_82770_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_82768_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_82767_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/areSameType (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType;)Z func_180264_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ladk$b;)Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/setOrCreateGameRule (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_82764_b (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/addGameRule (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType;)V func_180262_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ladk$b;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getRules ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_82763_b ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_82766_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_180263_c (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/hasRule (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_82765_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/getGrassColor (DD)I func_77480_a (DD)I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/setGrassBiomeColorizer ([I)V func_77479_a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/World$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World/getProviderName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_72827_u ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockIndirectlyGettingPowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175687_A (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateInitialSkylight ()V func_72966_v ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/setSpawnPoint (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175652_B (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateInitialWeather ()V func_72947_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/isRainingAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175727_C (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setActivePlayerChunksAndCheckLight ()V func_72903_x ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockinHighHumidity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180502_D (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getLoadedEntityList ()Ljava/util/List; func_72910_y ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getDifficultyForLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance; func_175649_E (Lcj;)Lok;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSeaLevel ()I func_181545_F ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/isWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175696_F (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_175624_G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/World/sendQuittingDisconnectingPacket ()V func_72882_A ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/checkSessionLock ()V func_72906_B ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getSeed ()J func_72905_C ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getTotalWorldTime ()J func_82737_E ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldTime ()J func_72820_D ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getSpawnPoint ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175694_M ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_72863_F ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSaveHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; func_72860_G ()Latp;
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_72912_H ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/World/getGameRules ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; func_82736_K ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/World/isThundering ()Z func_72911_I ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isRaining ()Z func_72896_J ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getMapStorage ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage; func_175693_T ()Laua;
net/minecraft/world/World/getHeight ()I func_72800_K ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getActualHeight ()I func_72940_L ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z func_72806_N ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getHorizon ()D func_72919_O ()D
net/minecraft/world/World/getCurrentDate ()Ljava/util/Calendar; func_83015_S ()Ljava/util/Calendar;
net/minecraft/world/World/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; func_96441_U ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/world/World/getClosestPlayer (DDDD)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_72977_a (DDDD)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/makeFireworks (DDDDDDLnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_92088_a (DDDDDDLdn;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundEffect (DDDLjava/lang/String;FF)V func_72908_a (DDDLjava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playSound (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V func_72980_b (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateSkylightSubtracted (F)I func_72967_a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntityByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_73045_a (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkFromChunkCoords (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_72964_e (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/World/setRandomSeed (III)Ljava/util/Random; func_72843_D (III)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlocksDirtyVertical (IIII)V func_72975_g (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (IIIIIIZ)Z func_175663_a (IIIIIIZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playMoodSoundAndCheckLight (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_147467_a (IILamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isChunkLoaded (IIZ)Z func_175680_a (IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playBroadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175669_a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V func_175720_a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setTotalWorldTime (J)V func_82738_a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addWorldAccess (Lnet/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess;)V func_72954_a (Lado;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/initialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V func_72963_a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/doesBlockHaveSolidTopSurface (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175683_a (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFromNeighborsFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175705_a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175653_a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/forceBlockUpdateTick (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_175637_a (Lafh;Lcj;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockBePlaced (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_175716_a (Lafh;Lcj;ZLcq;Lpk;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Z func_175700_a (Lakw;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isInsideBorder (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_175673_a (Lams;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getPendingBlockUpdates (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Z)Ljava/util/List; func_72920_a (Lamy;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_175711_a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/func_175712_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Ljava/util/List; func_175712_a (Laqe;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCollisionBoxes (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; func_147461_a (Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/isMaterialInBB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z func_72875_a (Laug;Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/handleMaterialAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72918_a (Laug;Larm;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkNoEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72917_a (Laug;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getBlockDensity (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)F func_72842_a (Laui;Laug;)F
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_72933_a (Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_72901_a (Laui;Laui;Z)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;ZZZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_147447_a (Laui;Laui;ZZZ)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/addWorldInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; func_72914_a (Lb;)Lc;
net/minecraft/world/World/isValid (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175701_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z func_175697_a (Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;IZ)Z func_175648_a (Lcj;IZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getRawLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;)I func_175638_a (Lcj;Lads;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockTickPending (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_175691_a (Lcj;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduleUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V func_175684_a (Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateBlockTick (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_175654_a (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsOfStateExcept (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_175695_a (Lcj;Lafh;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_175690_a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_175656_a (Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Z func_180501_a (Lcj;Lalz;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175707_a (Lcj;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175706_a (Lcj;Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_175627_a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/playRecord (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175717_a (Lcj;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175668_a (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDDDD[I)V func_175688_a (Lcy;DDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;ZDDDDDD[I)V func_175682_a (Lcy;ZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/countEntities (Ljava/lang/Class;)I func_72907_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; func_72872_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; func_175647_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/findNearestEntityWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_72857_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Lpk;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntities (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; func_175644_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/loadItemData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; func_72943_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayerEntityByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_72924_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/setItemData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V func_72823_a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongholdPos (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180499_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/addTileEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_147448_a (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72923_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setEntityState (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;B)V func_72960_a (Lpk;B)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getClosestPlayerToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_72890_a (Lpk;D)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/createExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; func_72876_a (Lpk;DDDFZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/World/newExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; func_72885_a (Lpk;DDDFZZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSkyColor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72833_a (Lpk;F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCollidingBoundingBoxes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; func_72945_a (Lpk;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesInAABBexcluding (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; func_175674_a (Lpk;Laug;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V func_72956_a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntityWithOptionalForce (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V func_72866_a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playAuxSFXAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180498_a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockModifiable (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175660_a (Lwn;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/extinguishFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_175719_a (Lwn;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V func_85173_a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/tickUpdates (Z)Z func_72955_a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setAllowedSpawnTypes (ZZ)V func_72891_a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_175659_aa ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSkylightSubtracted ()I func_175657_ab ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLastLightningBolt ()I func_175658_ac ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/isFindingSpawnPoint ()Z func_175686_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getVillageCollection ()Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageCollection; func_175714_ae ()Lth;
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; func_175723_af ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/World/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_175643_b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/World/isAnyPlayerWithinRangeAt (DDDD)Z func_175636_b (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getSunBrightness (F)F func_72971_b (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setSeaLevel (I)V func_181544_b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunksLowestHorizon (II)I func_82734_g (II)I
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V func_147458_c (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playAuxSFX (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175718_b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setWorldTime (J)V func_72877_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/World/removeWorldAccess (Lnet/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess;)V func_72848_b (Lado;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175642_b (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/markTileEntityForRemoval (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_147457_a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Z func_175639_b (Laqe;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkNoEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_72855_b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAABBInMaterial (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z func_72830_b (Laug;Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180494_b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_175626_b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsRespectDebug (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_175722_b (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduleBlockUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_180497_b (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/markChunkDirty (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_175646_b (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175704_b (Lcj;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isSidePowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_175709_b (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/destroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175655_b (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayers (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; func_175661_b (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_72841_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/loadEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_175650_b (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayerEntityByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_152378_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72847_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABBExcludingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; func_72839_b (Lpk;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/tick ()V func_72835_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getCelestialAngle (F)F func_72826_c (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setSkylightSubtracted (I)V func_175692_b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isSpawnChunk (II)Z func_72916_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175715_c (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/checkLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180500_c (Lads;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkBlockCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_72829_c (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getGroundAboveSeaLevel (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_175703_c (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_175685_c (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_175641_c (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getRedstonePower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_175651_c (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)I func_175721_c (Lcj;Z)I
net/minecraft/world/World/unloadEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_175681_c (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addWeatherEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72942_c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateAllPlayersSleepingFlag ()V func_72854_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getCelestialAngleRadians (F)F func_72929_e (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setLastLightningBolt (I)V func_175702_c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAnyLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_72953_d (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175623_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyBlockOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180496_d (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockNormalCube (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175677_d (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnEntityInWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72838_d (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getCloudColour (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72824_f (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/isFlammableWithin (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_147470_e (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175667_e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateComparatorOutputLevel (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_175666_e (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreeze (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175670_e (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72900_e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getFogColor (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72948_g (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkFromBlockCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_175726_f (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/World/canSnowAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_175708_f (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/removePlayerEntityDangerously (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72973_f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setInitialSpawnLocation ()V func_72974_f ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getStarBrightness (F)F func_72880_h (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockToAir (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175698_g (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72870_g (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateBlocks ()V func_147456_g ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getThunderStrength (F)F func_72819_i (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175689_h (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/joinEntityInSurroundings (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72897_h (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntities ()V func_72939_s ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/setThunderStrength (F)V func_147442_i (F)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175678_i (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getRainStrength (F)F func_72867_j (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175710_j (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_72970_h ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/World/setRainStrength (F)V func_72894_k (F)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175699_k (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFromNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175671_l (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175645_m (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175679_n (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_175724_o (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/world/World/updateWeather ()V func_72979_l ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180495_p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/World/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I func_152379_p ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getPrecipitationHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175725_q (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getTopSolidOrLiquidBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175672_r (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_175625_s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/World/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175713_t (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockFullCube (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175665_u (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; func_72959_q ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreezeWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175675_v (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isDaytime ()Z func_72935_r ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreezeNoWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175662_w (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getMoonPhase ()I func_72853_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/checkLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175664_x (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getCurrentMoonPhaseFactor ()F func_130001_d ()F
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175676_y (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getDebugLoadedEntities ()Ljava/lang/String; func_72981_t ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockPowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175640_z (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V func_147585_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180440_a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V func_180442_a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174960_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_72704_a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174961_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72703_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180439_a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_85102_a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180441_b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174959_b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72709_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getID ()I func_77148_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_77146_a (I)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_77142_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/configurePlayerCapabilities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities;)V func_77147_a (Lwl;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77149_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isAdventure ()Z func_82752_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isCreative ()Z func_77145_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isSurvivalOrAdventure ()Z func_77144_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; values ()[Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/enableBonusChest ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; func_77159_a ()Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getGameTypeById (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_77161_a (I)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; func_82750_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/enableCommands ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; func_77166_b ()Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/isBonusChestEnabled ()Z func_77167_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getSeed ()J func_77160_d ()J
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_77162_e ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getHardcoreEnabled ()Z func_77158_f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z func_77164_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_77165_h ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/areCommandsAllowed ()Z func_77163_i ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_82749_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_175624_G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z func_72806_N ()Z
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_175627_a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180494_b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_175626_b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175623_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180495_p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_175625_s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77127_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeForGeneratorVersion (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_77132_a (I)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/parseWorldType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_77130_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setCanBeCreated (Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_77124_a (Z)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getTranslateName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77128_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getTranslatedInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151359_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getGeneratorVersion ()I func_77131_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getCanBeCreated ()Z func_77126_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/isVersioned ()Z func_77125_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeID ()I func_82747_f ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/showWorldInfoNotice ()Z func_151357_h ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setVersioned ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_77129_f ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setNotificationData ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_151358_j ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lads;
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock; values ()[Lads;
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/getRandomChunkPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180621_a (Ladm;II)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/performWorldGenSpawning (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V func_77191_a (Ladm;Lady;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/findChunksForSpawning (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;ZZZ)I func_77192_a (Lle;ZZZ)I
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/canCreatureTypeSpawnAtLocation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180267_a (Lps$a;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/removeStalePortalLocations (J)V func_85189_a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/makePortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_85188_a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/placeInPortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_180266_a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/placeInExistingPortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Z func_180620_b (Lpk;F)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_175624_G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z func_72806_N ()Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getLightForExt (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175629_a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_175627_a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175628_b (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180494_b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_175626_b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175623_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180495_p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_175625_s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_151351_a ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/setPriority (I)V func_82753_a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/setScheduledTime (J)Lnet/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry; func_77176_a (J)Ladw;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry;)I a (Ladw;)I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/attenuate ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height; func_150775_a ()Lady$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; values ()[Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createBiomeDecorator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator; func_76729_a ()Laeb;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSkyColorByTemp (F)I func_76731_a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setTemperatureRainfall (FF)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76732_a (FF)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setFillerBlockMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76733_a (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeFromBiomeList (ILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180276_a (ILady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/func_150557_a (IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150557_a (IZ)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150570_a (Lady$a;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Z func_150569_a (Lady;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFloatTemperature (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180626_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setBiomeName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76735_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_180623_a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSpawnableList (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;)Ljava/util/List; func_76747_a (Lpt;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setDisableRain ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76745_m ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setColor (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76739_b (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/generateBiomeTerrain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180628_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180627_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; func_76730_b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setEnableSnow ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76742_b ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/func_150563_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150563_c (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180625_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getEnableSnow ()Z func_76746_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/canRain ()Z func_76738_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150568_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isHighHumidity ()Z func_76736_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSpawningChance ()F func_76741_f ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getIntRainfall ()I func_76744_g ()I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFloatRainfall ()F func_76727_i ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isSnowyBiome ()Z func_150559_j ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createMutation ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150566_k ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_150562_l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; func_150561_m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeGenArray ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150565_n ()[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/getBiomeGenAt (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76885_a (II)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cleanupCache ()V func_76838_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/getBiomeCacheBlock (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block; func_76840_a (II)Ladz$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/func_180284_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180284_a (IILady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; a (Ladz;)Laec;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/getCachedBiomes (II)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76839_e (II)[Lady;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_71542_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$1/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180283_a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$2/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180283_a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$3/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180283_a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180283_a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180286_a (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver;)I func_180285_a (Ladq;Lcj;Laea$a;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180287_b (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getWaterColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180288_c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/generateOres ()V func_76797_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genStandardOre1 (ILnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator;II)V func_76795_a (ILaot;II)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180292_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lady;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genDecorations (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V func_150513_a (Lady;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genStandardOre2 (ILnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator;II)V func_76793_b (ILaot;II)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomesToSpawnIn ()Ljava/util/List; func_76932_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getTemperatureAtHeight (FI)F func_76939_a (FI)F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/areBiomesViable (IIILjava/util/List;)Z func_76940_a (IIILjava/util/List;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/findBiomePosition (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180630_a (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180631_a (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180300_a (Lcj;Lady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getRainfall ([FIIII)[F func_76936_a ([FIIII)[F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomesForGeneration ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76937_a ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenAt ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIIZ)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76931_a ([Lady;IIIIZ)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/cleanupCache ()V func_76938_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/loadBlockGeneratorData ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76933_b ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenDesert/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/mutateHills (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills; func_150633_b (Lady;)Laee;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/areBiomesViable (IIILjava/util/List;)Z func_76940_a (IIILjava/util/List;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/findBiomePosition (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180630_a (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180631_a (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getRainfall ([FIIII)[F func_76936_a ([FIIII)[F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomesForGeneration ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76937_a ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomeGenAt ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIIZ)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76931_a ([Lady;IIIIZ)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/loadBlockGeneratorData ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_76933_b ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$2/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$1/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/func_150557_a (IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_150557_a (IZ)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_180623_a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180627_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; func_76730_b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/func_180629_a (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180629_a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/func_150619_a (J)V func_150619_a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180627_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180625_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Z func_150569_a (Lady;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180627_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180625_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getSpawningChance ()F func_76741_f ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getBiomeClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_150562_l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; func_150561_m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; func_150561_m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_180623_a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_180623_a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180627_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180625_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V func_180622_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180624_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; func_150567_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; func_76730_b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_180277_d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenEnd/getSkyColorByTemp (F)I func_76731_a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator/genDecorations (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V func_150513_a (Lady;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176209_a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onStartFalling (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)V func_149829_a (Luy;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onEndFalling (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176502_a_ (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176217_b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/canSpawnInBlock ()Z func_181623_g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/getAmbientOcclusionLightValue ()F func_149685_I ()F
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z func_180648_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/isInvalidNeighbor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_181086_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/hasInvalidNeighbor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_181087_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_180666_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176575_a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getSensitiveAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180667_a (Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState0 (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180668_d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176578_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176576_e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180669_e (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canSpawnInBlock ()Z func_181623_g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canBePlacedOn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176577_m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/countAdjacentRails ()I func_150650_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150653_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)Z func_150653_a (Lafe$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180360_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)V func_180360_a (Lafe$b;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/hasRailAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180359_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180364_a (ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail; func_180364_a (ZZ)Lafe$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180362_b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150649_b (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)Z func_150649_b (Lafe$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/findRailAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail; func_180697_b (Lcj;)Lafe$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150651_b ()V func_150651_b ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150645_c (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)V func_150645_c (Lafe$a;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180363_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180363_c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180361_d (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180361_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/getMetadata ()I func_177015_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection; func_177016_a (I)Lafe$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/isAscending ()Z func_177018_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection; values ()[Lafe$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/func_176564_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176564_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176561_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isRailBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176563_d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isRailBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176562_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176560_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/updateColorAsync (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176450_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType; values ()[Lafg$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getSafeExitLocation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_176468_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/hasRoomForPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176469_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getPlayerInBed (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_176470_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/setBedBounds ()V func_149978_e ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/Block$1/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150495_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$1/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150496_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$2/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150495_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$3/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150495_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$3/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150496_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150495_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150496_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getStepSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150498_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; values ()[Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150495_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150496_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getStepSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150498_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getVolume ()F func_150497_c ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getFrequency ()F func_150494_d ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block/isCollidable ()Z func_149703_v ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinX ()D func_149704_x ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxX ()D func_149753_y ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinY ()D func_149665_z ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxY ()D func_149669_A ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinZ ()D func_149706_B ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxZ ()D func_149693_C ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getEnableStats ()Z func_149652_G ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/disableStats ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149649_H ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getCreativeTabToDisplayOn ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_149708_J ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFlowerPot ()Z func_149648_K ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/requiresUpdates ()Z func_149698_L ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_176194_O ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getDefaultState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176223_P ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; func_176218_Q ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlocks ()V func_149671_p ()V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149739_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setLightLevel (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149715_a (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBounds (FFFFFF)V func_149676_a (FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlock (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176219_a (ILjava/lang/String;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlock (ILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176215_a (ILjy;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/canDropFromExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Z func_149659_a (Ladi;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V func_180652_a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z func_180648_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canReplace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_176193_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176199_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_180658_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_176197_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/spawnAsEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180635_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onLanded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176216_a (Ladm;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149672_a (Lafh$b;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getIdFromBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I func_149682_b (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149680_a (Lafh;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176209_a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideYZBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_149654_a (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F func_149638_a (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getPlayerRelativeBlockHardness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180647_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/setCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149647_a (Lyz;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockFromItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149634_a (Lzw;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/setTickRandomly (Z)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149675_a (Z)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/setResistance (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149752_b (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropXpOnBlockBreak (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180637_b (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropBlockAsItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176226_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockSolid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176212_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149667_c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176217_b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideXZBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_149687_b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149684_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setHardness (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149711_c (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockById (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149729_e (I)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176207_c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideXYBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_149661_c (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149663_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateById (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176220_d (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176206_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176202_d (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setLightOpacity (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149713_g (I)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateId (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176210_f (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canSpawnInBlock ()Z func_181623_g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockHardness (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_176195_g (Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getAmbientOcclusionLightValue ()F func_149685_I ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/setDefaultState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180632_j (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/fillWithRain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176224_k (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFullBlock ()Z func_149730_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLightOpacity ()I func_149717_k ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isTranslucent ()Z func_149751_l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLightValue ()I func_149750_m ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getUseNeighborBrightness ()Z func_149710_n ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_149688_o ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/Block/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockNormalCube ()Z func_149637_q ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isNormalCube ()Z func_149721_r ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVisuallyOpaque ()Z func_176214_u ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockUnbreakable ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_149722_s ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getTickRandomly ()Z func_149653_t ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/hasTileEntity ()Z func_149716_u ()Z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/getRegisteredBlock (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_180383_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176475_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/func_181088_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_181088_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/notifyNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_176582_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/updateBlockBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180681_d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176583_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/checkForArrows (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180680_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176586_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/eatCake (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180682_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176588_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149866_i ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149865_P ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/setWaterLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176590_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/fillWithRain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176224_k (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/checkForSurroundingChests (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176455_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getLockableContainer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer; func_180676_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Loo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/correctFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176458_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isDoubleChest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176454_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isBlocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176457_m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isBelowSolidBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176456_n (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isOcelotSittingOnChest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176453_o (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176499_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/dropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176500_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode; values ()[Lafx$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z func_180648_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/findItemFrame (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame; func_176461_a (Ladm;Lcq;Lcj;)Luo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getActiveSignal (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176408_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176403_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/shouldBePowered (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176404_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180674_e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/calculateInputStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176397_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176398_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/calculateOutput (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176460_j (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176462_k (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180675_k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/isPowered (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176406_l (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getGrowthChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180672_a (Lafh;Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176487_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149866_i ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149865_P ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getDifficultyFromCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_180531_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Loj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/updatePower (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180677_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z a (Lafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/findMinecarts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/Class;[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; func_176571_a (Ladm;Lcj;Ljava/lang/Class;[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getDectectionBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_176572_a (Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/updatePoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176570_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176560_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getActiveSignal (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176408_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isLocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176405_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149667_c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPowerOnSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176407_c (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPowerOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176401_c (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canPowerSide (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149908_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176206_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isRedstoneRepeaterBlockID (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149909_d (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176403_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176409_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/shouldBePowered (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176404_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isAssociated (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149907_e (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180674_e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/calculateInputStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176397_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176398_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/notifyNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176400_h (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isFacingTowardsRepeater (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176402_i (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180675_k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isPowered (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176406_l (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getTickDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176399_m (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getMetadata ()I func_176925_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType; func_176924_a (I)Lagf$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176927_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/func_181066_d ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_181066_d ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType; values ()[Lagf$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getDispensePosition (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition; func_149939_a (Lck;)Lcz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getBehavior (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem; func_149940_a (Lzx;)Lcr;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_149937_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176217_b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/setDefaultDirection (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176438_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176439_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf; values ()[Lagh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition; values ()[Lagh$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/toggleDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)V func_176512_a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/removeHalfBit (I)I func_176510_b (I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/combineMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176515_e (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176511_f (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpen (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176514_f (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpen (I)Z func_176516_g (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176517_h (Ladq;Lcj;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isTop (I)Z func_176518_i (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isHingeLeft (I)Z func_176513_j (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/setBoundBasedOnMeta (I)V func_150011_b (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_176509_j ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf; values ()[Lagi$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getMeta ()I func_176936_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; func_176938_a (I)Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176939_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; values ()[Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; func_176218_Q ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/placeAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType;I)V func_176491_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lagi$b;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onHarvest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_176489_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176475_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; func_176490_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/checkFall (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180683_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/teleport (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180684_e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/getBehavior (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem; func_149940_a (Lzx;)Lcr;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176439_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/checkAdjacentBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_176371_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/func_176374_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176374_a (Ladm;Lcj;ILcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/tryFlowInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176375_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/getPossibleFlowDirections (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; func_176376_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/placeStaticBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180690_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/isBlocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176372_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/canFlowInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176373_h (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/ITileEntityProvider/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onStartFalling (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)V func_149829_a (Luy;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onEndFalling (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176502_a_ (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/canFallInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180685_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/checkFallable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176503_e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_180658_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/hasCrops (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176529_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/hasWater (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176530_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176524_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isCollidable ()Z func_149703_v ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/requiresUpdates ()Z func_149698_L ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/catchOnFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ILjava/util/Random;I)V func_176536_a (Ladm;Lcj;ILjava/util/Random;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/setFireInfo (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_180686_a (Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getFlammability (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I func_176532_c (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getEncouragement (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I func_176534_d (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canDie (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176537_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canCatchFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176535_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canNeighborCatchFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176533_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/init ()V func_149843_e ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getNeighborEncouragement (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176538_m (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)Z a (Lagw$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)Z a (Lagw$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; func_176964_a ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getTypes (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor;)[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_176966_a (Lagw$b;)[Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getType (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; func_176967_a (Lagw$b;I)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getMeta ()I func_176968_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176963_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; values ()[Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower; func_180346_a ()Lagw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; values ()[Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; func_176218_Q ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; func_176495_j ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getTypeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176494_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType; values ()[Lagx$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isFlowerPot ()Z func_149648_K ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/canNotContain (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)Z func_149928_a (Lafh;I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot; func_176442_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Lalg;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlab/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getListOfPlayerUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_71538_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getGameModeFromCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_71539_b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleWoodSlab/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/setState (ZLnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176446_a (ZLadm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176217_b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/setDefaultFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176445_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlabNew/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf; values ()[Lahh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_176553_a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150002_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isSlab (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150003_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176551_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlab/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfWoodSlab/isDouble ()Z func_176552_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHardenedClay/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176428_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176427_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isEnabled (I)Z func_149917_c (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176896_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType; func_176895_a (I)Laho$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType; values ()[Laho$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/getMobilityFlag ()I func_149656_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/getRecord ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_145856_a ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/setRecord (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_145857_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z func_149740_M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/insertRecord (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_176431_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/dropRecord (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180678_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180641_l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176381_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176234_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; func_176233_b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/setGraphicsLevel (Z)V func_150122_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getSaplingDropChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176232_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/destroy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176235_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isVisuallyOpaque ()Z func_176214_u ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getMetadata ()I func_176855_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; func_176853_a (I)Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/forFacings (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; func_176856_a (Lcq;Lcq;)Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176852_c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; values ()[Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/func_181090_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_181090_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getMetadataForFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176357_a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/func_181091_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_181091_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_176197_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowDirection (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)D func_180689_a (Ladq;Lcj;Larm;)D
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176209_a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowingBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid; func_176361_a (Larm;)Lagl;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getLiquidHeightPercent (I)F func_149801_b (I)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isBlockSolid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176212_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getStaticBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid; func_176363_b (Larm;)Lajw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176207_c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/triggerMixEffects (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180688_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/checkForMixing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176365_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176362_e (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getEffectiveFlowDecay (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176366_f (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/shouldRenderSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176364_g (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowVector (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_180687_h (Ladq;Lcj;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/fromFacingAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; func_176870_a (Lcq$a;)Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; values ()[Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176881_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; func_176879_a (I)Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/forModelBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; func_176878_a (Lalz;)Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176882_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176883_d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; values ()[Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/canContainSilverfish (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176377_d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/func_175773_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175773_a (Ladk;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getGameRules ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; func_82366_d ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/generateBigMushroom (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)Z func_176485_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherBrick/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherrack/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176234_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; func_176233_b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176915_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType; func_176916_a (I)Laih$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/func_181068_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_181068_c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176918_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType; values ()[Laih$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_176553_a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150002_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176551_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z func_180648_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/getRenderType ()I func_149645_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/getInstrument (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_176433_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V func_176234_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; func_176233_b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getSaplingDropChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176232_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPackedIce/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176839_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; func_176837_a (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_181070_c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176840_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; values ()[Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_181100_a ()I func_181100_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150857_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150857_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I a (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_180120_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180120_a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_181101_b ()I func_181101_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I b (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150858_a ()I func_150858_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I c (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150860_b ()Z func_150860_b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; d (Laip$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150859_c ()V func_150859_c ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; e (Laip$a;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getMetaForAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)I func_176549_a (Lcq$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/func_176548_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176548_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/func_181089_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; func_181089_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149866_i ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_149865_P ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z a (Lafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/func_176566_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;ZI)Z func_176566_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;ZI)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/func_176567_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZILnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z func_176567_a (Ladm;Lcj;ZILafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176561_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176560_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity; values ()[Lait$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176575_a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176576_e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180669_e (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176807_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType; func_176810_a (I)Laiu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176809_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType; values ()[Laiu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getGolemBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176389_S ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getGolemPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176388_T ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/canDispenserPlace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176390_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/trySpawnGolem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180673_e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getSnowmanBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176392_j ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getSnowmanPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176391_l ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176796_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType; func_176794_a (I)Laiw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType; values ()[Laiw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176561_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176560_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; func_176495_j ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176827_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType; func_176825_a (I)Laiz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176828_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType; values ()[Laiz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getPlayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_71536_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176199_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/activate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176352_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/spawnParticles (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180691_e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition; values ()[Lajb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getMaxCurrentStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_176342_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/calculateCurrentChanges (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176345_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176343_a (Lalz;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/colorMultiplier (I)I func_176337_b (I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getAttachPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition; func_176341_c (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Lajb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/func_176339_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176339_d (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectUpwardsTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176346_d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/notifyWireNeighborsOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176344_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/updateSurroundingRedstone (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176338_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectUpwardsTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176340_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_180643_i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isBurnedOut (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z func_176598_a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149667_c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/shouldBeOff (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176597_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176354_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176353_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/isLocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176405_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/canPowerSide (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149908_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176403_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180674_e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180675_k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176688_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType; func_176686_a (I)Lajh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_176687_c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176685_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType; values ()[Lajh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176675_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType; func_176673_a (I)Laji$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176676_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType; values ()[Laji$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/func_181624_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;IILnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z func_181624_a (Ladm;Lcj;IILaio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/isTypeAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z func_176477_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_176478_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/generateTree (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_176476_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/canSpawnInBlock ()Z func_181623_g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState;)Z a (Lamc;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/checkWitherSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull;)V func_180679_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalo;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/canDispenserPlace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_176415_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getWitherBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176414_j ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getWitherPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_176416_l ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176199_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_180658_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onLanded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176216_a (Ladm;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getBoundsForLayers (I)V func_150154_b (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176314_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/absorb (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176312_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/tryAbsorb (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176311_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf; values ()[Laju$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape; values ()[Laju$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isCollidable ()Z func_149703_v ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V func_180652_a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176199_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_176197_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_180649_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isSameStair (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176302_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176209_a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F func_149638_a (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176207_c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isBlockStairs (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150148_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176206_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/setBaseCollisionBounds (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176303_e (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176307_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176307_f (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176305_g (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176305_g (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176306_h (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176306_h (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176304_i (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176304_i (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/isSurroundingBlockFlammable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176369_e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/updateLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176370_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/getCanBlockBurn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176368_m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/growStem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176482_g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getSeedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_176481_j ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176642_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType; func_176643_a (I)Lajy$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/func_181072_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_181072_c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176644_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType; values ()[Lajy$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176612_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType; func_176613_a (I)Lajz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176614_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType; values ()[Lajz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; func_71514_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; func_71535_c ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getSortedPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; func_71534_d (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176624_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType; func_176625_a (I)Lakb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/func_181074_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_181074_c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176627_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType; values ()[Lakb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_176553_a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150002_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176551_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/getMeta ()I func_177044_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType; func_177045_a (I)Lakc$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType; values ()[Lakc$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; func_176218_Q ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I func_149679_a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z func_176473_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180670_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176474_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_176222_j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canPaneConnectToBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150098_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/canDropFromExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Z func_149659_a (Ladi;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V func_180652_a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/explode (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_180692_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176206_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176595_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180655_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176594_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onNeighborChangeInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176592_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176593_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf; values ()[Lakh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getMetaForFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176282_a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176281_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180646_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isValidSupportBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150119_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180693_d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isConnectedTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176287_c (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176288_d (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/notifyHook (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176286_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180645_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_176260_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;ZZILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176260_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;ZZILalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_176262_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_176262_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_180694_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZZZZ)V func_180694_a (Ladm;Lcj;ZZZZ)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_180656_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_176211_b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176261_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canProvidePower ()Z func_149744_f ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176200_f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_180657_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getPropertyFor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool; func_176267_a (Lcq;)Lamk;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_180650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150093_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getNumGrownFaces (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176268_d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/recheckGrownSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176269_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getMetadata ()I func_176657_a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType; func_176660_a (I)Lakl$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176659_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType; values ()[Lakl$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176221_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176205_b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176253_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149732_F ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getBlockColor ()I func_149635_D ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_180662_a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_149854_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180671_f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180644_h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/canSilkHarvest ()Z func_149700_E ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180634_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; func_180664_k ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_149738_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176575_a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176576_e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_180669_e (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_176553_a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150002_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; func_176551_l ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_180651_a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_149666_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsFromMeta (I)V func_150089_b (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176329_d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_176328_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_180659_g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockYellowFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; func_176495_j ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177271_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternByID (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; func_177268_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Laku$a;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177273_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getCraftingLayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_177267_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/hasValidCrafting ()Z func_177270_d ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/hasCraftingStack ()Z func_177269_e ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getCraftingStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_177272_f ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; values ()[Laku$a;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/setBaseColorAndPatterns (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_181020_a (Ldn;ILdu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/setItemValues (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175112_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getBaseColor ()I func_175115_b ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getBaseColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_175111_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatternList ()Ljava/util/List; func_175114_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatterns (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_175113_c (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatterns ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_181021_d ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getColorList ()Ljava/util/List; func_175110_d ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/removeBannerData (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175117_e (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatternResourceLocation ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175116_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/initializeBannerData ()V func_175109_g ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/incrementHeight ()V func_177262_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/getColors ()[F func_177263_b ()[F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/getHeight ()I func_177264_c ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/addEffectsToPlayers ()V func_146000_x ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/updateSegmentColors ()V func_146003_y ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145999_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/receiveClientEvent (II)Z func_145842_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/func_183001_h (I)I func_183001_h (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/updateBeacon ()V func_174908_m ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getBeamSegments ()Ljava/util/List; func_174907_n ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/shouldBeamRender ()F func_146002_i ()F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getMaxRenderDistanceSquared ()D func_145833_n ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/validate ()V func_145829_t ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/updateContainingBlockInfo ()V func_145836_u ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/func_183000_F ()Z func_183000_F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/access$000 ()Ljava/util/Map; G ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getDistanceSq (DDD)D func_145835_a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/setWorldObj (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_145834_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/addInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V func_145828_a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/setPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174878_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145826_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/receiveClientEvent (II)Z func_145842_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/createAndLoadEntity (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_145827_c (Ldn;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getMaxRenderDistanceSquared ()D func_145833_n ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/hasWorldObj ()Z func_145830_o ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getBlockMetadata ()I func_145832_p ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_174877_v ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_145838_q ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/isInvalid ()Z func_145837_r ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/invalidate ()V func_145843_s ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_145831_w ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180462_a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I func_180463_a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145937_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180461_b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getPotionResult (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_145936_c (ILzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/func_174902_m ()[Z func_174902_m ()[Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canBrew ()Z func_145934_k ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewPotions ()V func_145940_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/updateContainingBlockInfo ()V func_145836_u ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/func_174910_a (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_174910_a (Laky;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getAdjacentChest (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest; func_174911_a (Lcq;)Laky;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145976_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isChestAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_174912_b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/receiveClientEvent (II)Z func_145842_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/checkForAdjacentChests ()V func_145979_i ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getChestType ()I func_145980_j ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/invalidate ()V func_145843_s ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/setCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145752_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/updateCommand ()V func_145756_e ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/func_145751_f ()I func_145751_f ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/func_183000_F ()Z func_183000_F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getCommandBlockLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic; func_145993_a ()Ladc;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getCommandResultStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; func_175124_c ()Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/setOutputSignal (I)V func_145995_a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/getOutputSignal ()I func_145996_a ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDaylightDetector/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146018_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/addItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_146019_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getDispenseSlot ()I func_146017_i ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145920_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/canBeUsed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_145971_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/openChest ()V func_145969_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/receiveClientEvent (II)Z func_145842_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/closeChest ()V func_145970_b ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/invalidate ()V func_145843_s ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/setFlowerPotData (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)V func_145964_a (Lzw;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getFlowerPotItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_145965_a ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getFlowerPotData ()I func_145966_b ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180462_a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I func_180463_a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setCustomInventoryName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145951_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isBurning (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)Z func_174903_a (Log;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getCookTime (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_174904_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180461_b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getItemBurnTime (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_145952_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isItemFuel (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_145954_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isBurning ()Z func_145950_i ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/smeltItem ()V func_145949_j ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canSmelt ()Z func_145948_k ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getXPos ()D func_96107_aA ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getYPos ()D func_96109_aB ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getZPos ()D func_96108_aC ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_145831_w ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getXPos ()D func_96107_aA ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getYPos ()D func_96109_aB ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getZPos ()D func_96108_aC ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryForHopperTransfer ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; func_145895_l ()Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/func_181556_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDD)Ljava/util/List; func_181556_a (Ladm;DDD)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/captureDroppedItems (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;)Z func_145891_a (Lali;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/pullItemFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_174915_a (Lali;Log;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145886_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isInventoryFull (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_174919_a (Log;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/putDropInInventoryAllSlots (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Z func_145898_a (Log;Luz;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canInsertItemInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_174920_a (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/putStackInInventoryAllSlots (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_174918_a (Log;Lzx;Lcq;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canCombine (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_145894_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryAtPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; func_145893_b (Ladm;DDD)Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getHopperInventory (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; func_145884_b (Lali;)Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isInventoryEmpty (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_174917_b (Log;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canExtractItemFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_174921_b (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/insertStack (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_174916_c (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setTransferCooldown (I)V func_145896_c (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/updateHopper ()Z func_145887_i ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isOnTransferCooldown ()Z func_145888_j ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/mayTransfer ()Z func_174914_o ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isEmpty ()Z func_152104_k ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isFull ()Z func_152105_l ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/transferItemsOut ()Z func_145883_k ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V func_174892_a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_174891_i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/isLocked ()Z func_174893_q_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_98271_a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/func_98267_a (I)V func_98267_a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/setRandomEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)V func_98277_a (Ladd$a;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177221_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/func_183000_F ()Z func_183000_F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/getSpawnerBaseLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic; func_145881_a ()Ladd;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/receiveClientEvent (II)Z func_145842_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/triggerNote (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175108_a (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/changePitch ()V func_145877_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/func_183000_F ()Z func_183000_F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; a (Laln;)Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/setPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_145912_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/setEditable (Z)V func_145913_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getIsEditable ()Z func_145914_a ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_174882_b (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_145911_b ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; func_174880_d ()Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setType (I)V func_152107_a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setPlayerProfile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152106_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getPlayerProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152108_a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setSkullRotation (I)V func_145903_a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/updateGameprofile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_174884_b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getSkullType ()I func_145904_a ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getSkullRotation ()I func_145906_b ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/updatePlayerProfile ()V func_152109_d ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_145844_m ()Lff;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z func_180648_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180633_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/shouldBeExtended (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176318_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180642_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/doMove (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)Z func_176319_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getFacingFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_180695_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpr;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/canPush (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)Z func_180696_a (Lafh;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176317_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176217_b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176213_c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/checkForMove (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176316_e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V func_149683_g ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType; values ()[Lalt$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180638_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_176208_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176225_a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_149745_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176322_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/applyHeadBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176324_d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/applyCoreBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176323_e (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getProgress (F)F func_145860_a (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/launchWithSlimeBlock (FF)V func_145863_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145839_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getPistonState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_174927_b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetX (F)F func_174929_b (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_145841_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetY (F)F func_174928_c (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/isExtending ()Z func_145868_b ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetZ (F)F func_174926_d (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_174930_e ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/shouldPistonHeadBeRendered ()Z func_145867_d ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/clearPistonTileEntity ()V func_145866_f ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getBlockMetadata ()I func_145832_p ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_176203_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_149915_a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_180640_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V func_180653_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_176424_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FLcq;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_176204_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180639_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_180636_a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180654_a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/newTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_176423_a (Lalz;Lcq;ZZ)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180660_a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180663_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_176198_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/isOpaqueCube ()Z func_149662_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_180665_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I func_176201_c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/isFullCube ()Z func_149686_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176196_c (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_176206_d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; func_180661_e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston; func_176422_e (Ladq;Lcj;)Lalu;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/canMove ()Z func_177253_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177255_a (II)V func_177255_a (II)V
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177251_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_177251_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177250_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_177250_b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/getBlocksToMove ()Ljava/util/List; func_177254_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/getBlocksToDestroy ()Ljava/util/List; func_177252_d ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase$1/apply (Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/cycleProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177231_a (Lamo;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/cyclePropertyValue (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_177232_a (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getPropertyNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177227_a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/cycleProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177231_a (Lamo;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/withProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177226_a (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getProperties ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap; func_177228_b ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/Comparable; func_177229_b (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/Comparable;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177230_c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/compare (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)I a (Lamo;Lamo;)I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getPropertyNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177227_a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/withProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177226_a (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/buildPropertyValueTable (Ljava/util/Map;)V func_177235_a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getProperties ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap; func_177228_b ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/Comparable; func_177229_b (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/Comparable;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getPropertiesWithValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/util/Map; func_177236_b (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177230_c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getValidStates ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableList; func_177619_a ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableList;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getBaseState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177621_b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177622_c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getProperties ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177623_d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/List; func_177620_e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState;)Z a (Lamc;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177509_a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/hasState (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; func_177510_a (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_177507_b ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177508_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/load (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState; a (Lcj;)Lamc;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_181117_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/translateOffset (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState; func_177670_a (III)Lamc;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getFinger ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_177669_b ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getThumb ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_177668_c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/func_181118_d ()I func_181118_d ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/func_181119_e ()I func_181119_e ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/match (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; func_177681_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/func_181627_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Z)Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache; func_181627_a (Ladm;Z)Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/translateOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177683_a (Lcj;Lcq;Lcq;III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/checkPatternAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; func_177682_a (Lcj;Lcq;Lcq;Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/getThumbLength ()I func_177685_b ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/getPalmLength ()I func_177684_c ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/start ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; func_177660_a ()Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/where (CLcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; func_177662_a (CLcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/aisle ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; func_177659_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/build ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; func_177661_b ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/makePredicateArray ()[[[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; func_177658_c ()[[[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/checkMissingPredicates ()V func_177657_d ()V
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/forBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper; func_177642_a (Lafh;)Lamg;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/forBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper; func_177638_a (Lafh;)Lamh;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/where (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper; func_177637_a (Lamo;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lamh;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177701_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/getValueClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_177699_b ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getName (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/create (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool; func_177716_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lamk;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177700_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; func_177714_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; func_177712_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; func_177713_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getName (Ljava/lang/Enum;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Enum;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; func_177709_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; func_177708_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; func_177707_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;[Ljava/lang/Enum;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; func_177706_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;[Ljava/lang/Enum;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177700_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getName (Ljava/lang/Integer;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Integer;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/create (Ljava/lang/String;II)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger; func_177719_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)Lamn;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177700_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177701_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177702_a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getValueClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_177699_b ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_177700_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177694_a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V func_177693_a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V func_177692_a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177691_a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177696_b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177690_b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177695_c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/getID ()I func_177766_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus; values ()[Lamr;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus; func_177734_a ()Lamr;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setTransition (D)V func_177750_a (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setTransition (DDJ)V func_177738_a (DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setSize (I)V func_177725_a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z func_177730_a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/addListener (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener;)V func_177737_a (Lamq;)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_177743_a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_177746_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getClosestDistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)D func_177745_a (Lpk;)D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/minX ()D func_177726_b ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setDamageBuffer (D)V func_177724_b (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getClosestDistance (DD)D func_177729_b (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setWarningTime (I)V func_177723_b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/minZ ()D func_177736_c ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setDamageAmount (D)V func_177744_c (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setCenter (DD)V func_177739_c (DD)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setWarningDistance (I)V func_177747_c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/maxX ()D func_177728_d ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/maxZ ()D func_177733_e ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getCenterX ()D func_177731_f ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getCenterZ ()D func_177721_g ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDiameter ()D func_177741_h ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getTimeUntilTarget ()J func_177732_i ()J
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getTargetSize ()D func_177751_j ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getListeners ()Ljava/util/List; func_177735_k ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getSize ()I func_177722_l ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDamageBuffer ()D func_177742_m ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDamageAmount ()D func_177727_n ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getResizeSpeed ()D func_177749_o ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getWarningTime ()I func_177740_p ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getWarningDistance ()I func_177748_q ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getData ()[B func_177481_a ()[B
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getFromIndex (I)I func_177480_a (I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/setIndex (II)V func_177482_a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/get (III)I func_76582_a (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/set (IIII)V func_76581_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/isLowerNibble (I)Z func_177479_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getCoordinateIndex (III)I func_177483_b (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getNibbleIndex (I)I func_177478_c (I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/generateHeightMap ()V func_76590_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/isAtLocation (II)Z func_76600_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getRandomWithSeed (J)Ljava/util/Random; func_76617_a (J)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177413_a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_177431_a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_150813_a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177428_a (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getLightSubtracted (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_177443_a (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_177426_a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_177424_a (Lcj;Lamy$a;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getEntitiesOfTypeWithinAAAB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V func_177430_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_76612_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeEntityAtIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_76608_a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getEntitiesWithinAABBForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V func_177414_a (Lpk;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/needsSaving (Z)Z func_76601_a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/generateSkylightMap ()V func_76603_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getHeightValue (II)I func_76611_b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlockLightOpacity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177437_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_76622_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/onChunkLoad ()V func_76631_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getAreLevelsEmpty (II)Z func_76606_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlockMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177418_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/onChunkUnload ()V func_76623_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_177444_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/setChunkModified ()V func_76630_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_177425_e (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/isEmpty ()Z func_76621_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType; values ()[Lamy$a;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/generateHeightMap ()V func_76590_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isAtLocation (II)Z func_76600_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177438_a (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/updateSkylightNeighborHeight (IIII)V func_76609_d (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getRandomWithSeed (J)Ljava/util/Random; func_76617_a (J)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177413_a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_177431_a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_150813_a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_76624_a (Lamv;Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_177428_a (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLightSubtracted (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_177443_a (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBiome (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; func_177411_a (Lcj;Laec;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_177426_a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177436_a (Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_177424_a (Lcj;Lamy$a;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_180700_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_180700_a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntitiesOfTypeWithinAAAB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V func_177430_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_76612_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeEntityAtIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_76608_a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntitiesWithinAABBForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V func_177414_a (Lpk;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/needsSaving (Z)Z func_76601_a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setBiomeArray ([B)V func_76616_a ([B)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/fillChunk ([BIZ)V func_177439_a ([BIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setHeightMap ([I)V func_177420_a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setStorageArrays ([Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage;)V func_76602_a ([Lamz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/generateSkylightMap ()V func_76603_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeightValue (II)I func_76611_b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLastSaveTime (J)V func_177432_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockLightOpacity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177437_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_76622_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150804_b (Z)V func_150804_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/onChunkLoad ()V func_76631_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getAreLevelsEmpty (II)Z func_76606_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/checkSkylightNeighborHeight (III)V func_76599_g (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setInhabitedTime (J)V func_177415_c (J)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177418_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setChunkLoaded (Z)V func_177417_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/onChunkUnload ()V func_76623_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/propagateSkylightOcclusion (II)V func_76595_e (II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/relightBlock (III)V func_76615_h (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_177444_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setTerrainPopulated (Z)V func_177446_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setChunkModified ()V func_76630_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150811_f (II)Z func_150811_f (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockLightOpacity (III)I func_150808_b (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_177425_e (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLightPopulated (Z)V func_177421_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isEmpty ()Z func_76621_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock0 (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_150810_a (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_177433_f (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setModified (Z)V func_177427_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTopFilledSegment ()I func_76625_h ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockMetadata (III)I func_76628_c (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177435_g (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setHasEntities (Z)V func_177409_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockStorageArray ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage; func_76587_i ()[Lamz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getPrecipitationHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177440_h (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/recheckGaps (Z)V func_150803_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isPopulated ()Z func_150802_k ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_177422_i (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getChunkCoordIntPair ()Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; func_76632_l ()Ladg;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBiomeArray ()[B func_76605_m ()[B
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/resetRelightChecks ()V func_76613_n ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/enqueueRelightChecks ()V func_76594_o ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150809_p ()V func_150809_p ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLoaded ()Z func_177410_o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_177412_p ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeightMap ()[I func_177445_q ()[I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTileEntityMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_177434_r ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntityLists ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap; func_177429_s ()[Lne;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isTerrainPopulated ()Z func_177419_t ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLightPopulated ()Z func_177423_u ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLowestHeight ()I func_177442_v ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getInhabitedTime ()J func_177416_w ()J
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_177441_y ()V func_177441_y ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/isEmpty ()Z func_76663_a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/get (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177485_a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setExtSkylightValue (IIII)V func_76657_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/set (IIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_177484_a (IIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setBlocklightArray (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray;)V func_76659_c (Lamw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setData ([C)V func_177486_a ([C)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getNeedsRandomTick ()Z func_76675_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getBlockByExtId (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_150819_a (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setExtBlocklightValue (IIII)V func_76677_d (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setSkylightArray (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray;)V func_76666_d (Lamw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtBlockMetadata (III)I func_76665_b (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getYLocation ()I func_76662_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtSkylightValue (III)I func_76670_c (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/removeInvalidBlocks ()V func_76672_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtBlocklightValue (III)I func_76674_d (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getData ()[C func_177487_g ()[C
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getBlocklightArray ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray; func_76661_k ()Lamw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getSkylightArray ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray; func_76671_l ()Lamw;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/get (III)I func_76686_a (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/chunkTick ()V func_75817_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/loadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_75815_a (Ladm;II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_75816_a (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveExtraData ()V func_75818_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveExtraChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_75819_b (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader/convertToAnvilFormat (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;)V func_76690_a (Lang$a;Ldn;Laec;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader/load (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData; func_76691_a (Ldn;)Lang$a;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getChunkDataInputStream (II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream; func_76704_a (II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/setOffset (III)V func_76711_a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/write (II[BI)V func_76706_a (II[BI)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/write (I[BI)V func_76712_a (I[BI)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getChunkDataOutputStream (II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream; func_76710_b (II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/setChunkTimestamp (III)V func_76713_b (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/close ()V func_76708_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/isChunkSaved (II)Z func_76709_c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/outOfBounds (II)Z func_76705_d (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getOffset (II)I func_76707_e (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/clearRegionFileReferences ()V func_76551_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/createOrLoadRegionFile (Ljava/io/File;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile; func_76550_a (Ljava/io/File;II)Lanh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/getChunkInputStream (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream; func_76549_c (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/getChunkOutputStream (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream; func_76552_d (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunkTick ()V func_75817_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/addChunkToPending (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75824_a (Ladg;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/loadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_75815_a (Ladm;II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/checkedReadChunkFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_75822_a (Ladm;IILdn;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_75816_a (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/readChunkFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_75823_a (Ladm;Ldn;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/writeChunkToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75820_a (Lamy;Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveExtraData ()V func_75818_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/func_183013_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_183013_b (Ladg;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveExtraChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_75819_b (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/writeNextIO ()Z func_75814_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/generateLightBrightnessTable ()V func_76556_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/calcSunriseSunsetColors (FF)[F func_76560_a (FF)[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getProviderForDimension (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider; func_76570_a (I)Lanm;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z func_76566_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getMoonPhase (J)I func_76559_b (J)I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F func_76563_a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/registerWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_76558_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/registerWorldChunkManager ()V func_76572_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_76562_b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/doesXZShowFog (II)Z func_76568_b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_76555_c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isSurfaceWorld ()Z func_76569_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/canRespawnHere ()Z func_76567_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getCloudHeight ()F func_76571_f ()F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isSkyColored ()Z func_76561_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177496_h ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getAverageGroundLevel ()I func_76557_i ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getVoidFogYFactor ()D func_76565_k ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_80007_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177498_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; func_177499_m ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/doesWaterVaporize ()Z func_177500_n ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getHasNoSky ()Z func_177495_o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getLightBrightnessTable ()[F func_177497_p ()[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getDimensionId ()I func_177502_q ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; func_177501_r ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/getCenterX ()D func_177731_f ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/getCenterZ ()D func_177721_g ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/generateLightBrightnessTable ()V func_76556_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z func_76566_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F func_76563_a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/registerWorldChunkManager ()V func_76572_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_76562_b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/doesXZShowFog (II)Z func_76568_b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_76555_c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/isSurfaceWorld ()Z func_76569_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/canRespawnHere ()Z func_76567_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_80007_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177498_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; func_177501_r ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_80007_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177498_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/calcSunriseSunsetColors (FF)[F func_76560_a (FF)[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z func_76566_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F func_76563_a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/registerWorldChunkManager ()V func_76572_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_76562_b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/doesXZShowFog (II)Z func_76568_b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_76555_c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/isSurfaceWorld ()Z func_76569_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/canRespawnHere ()Z func_76567_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getCloudHeight ()F func_76571_f ()F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/isSkyColored ()Z func_76561_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177496_h ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getAverageGroundLevel ()I func_76557_i ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_80007_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177498_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/func_180707_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V func_180707_a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180701_a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/getBlockState (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177858_a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/getBlockState (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177856_a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/setBlockState (IIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_177855_a (IIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/setBlockState (ILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_177857_a (ILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/func_177863_a ()V func_177863_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/jsonToFactory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory; func_177865_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lant$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/func_177864_b ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings; func_177864_b ()Lant;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lant$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lant$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/func_177461_b (II)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_177461_b (II)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/func_180515_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180515_a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/initializeNoiseField ([DIIIIII)[D func_73164_a ([DIIIIII)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/func_180516_b (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180516_b (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_180703_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDD)V func_180703_a (JIILans;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_180702_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V func_180702_a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180701_a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_175793_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_175793_a (Lalz;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180701_a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_175792_a (Lamv;Ladm;IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/func_180705_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDD)V func_180705_a (JIILans;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/func_180704_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V func_180704_a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180701_a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/func_147423_a (III)V func_147423_a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/setBlocksInChunk (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180518_a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/replaceBlocksForBiome (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V func_180517_a (IILans;[Lady;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/func_180520_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180520_a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/func_180519_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180519_a (Lans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/initializeNoiseField ([DIIIIII)[D func_73187_a ([DIIIIII)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_175921_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175921_a (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_180711_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180711_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_150523_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150523_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates/func_177999_q ()I func_177999_q ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNodeList ()V func_76489_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/layerSize (I)F func_76490_a (I)F
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNode (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175940_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_181631_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_181631_a (Lcj;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/checkBlockLine (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175936_a (Lcj;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175937_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_175937_a (Lcj;Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeaves ()V func_175941_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafSize (I)F func_76495_b (I)F
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/getGreatestDistance (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175935_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175938_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; func_175938_b (Lcj;Lcj;)Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateTrunk ()V func_175942_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafNodeNeedsBase (I)Z func_76493_c (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNodeBases ()V func_175939_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175904_e ()V func_175904_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/validTreeLocation ()Z func_76497_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCactus/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDeadBush/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/setPlantType (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType;)V func_180710_a (Lagi$b;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/setBlockAndNotifyAdequately (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_175903_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/func_175904_e ()V func_175904_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/setGeneratedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)V func_175914_a (Lagw;Lagw$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFire/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone2/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; func_71514_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIceSpike/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone1/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/func_181632_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V func_181632_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/func_175930_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175930_c (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_150541_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V func_150541_c (Ladm;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_180711_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180711_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_175933_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175933_b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_175934_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175934_c (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175925_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175925_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175929_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z func_175929_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175927_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_175927_a (Lcj;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_150533_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_150533_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175928_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175928_b (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175926_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z func_175926_c (Ladm;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMelon/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/pickMobSpawner (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/lang/String; func_76543_b (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenPumpkin/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenReed/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_150526_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;III)V func_150526_a (Ladm;III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_181638_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z func_181638_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_181639_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_181639_b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/func_181642_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_181642_b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/func_175924_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175924_b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/func_181647_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V func_181647_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181652_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_181652_a (Ladm;ILcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181651_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V func_181651_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181650_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V func_181650_b (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenVines/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenWaterlily/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180709_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getBiome ()I func_82648_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/setBiome (I)V func_82647_a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_180716_a (ILjava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_180716_a (ILjava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_180715_a (ILjava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo; func_180715_a (ILjava/lang/String;I)Laqa;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/createFlatGeneratorFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; func_82651_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lapz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getWorldFeatures ()Ljava/util/Map; func_82644_b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getFlatLayers ()Ljava/util/List; func_82650_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_82645_d ()V func_82645_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getDefaultFlatGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; func_82649_e ()Lapz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerCount ()I func_82657_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/setMinY (I)V func_82660_d (I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175900_c ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getMinY ()I func_82656_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerMaterialBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_151536_b ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getFillBlockMeta ()I func_82658_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getNewBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_78887_a ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/offset (III)V func_78886_a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/intersectsWith (IIII)Z func_78885_a (IIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/func_175899_a (IIIIII)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175899_a (IIIIII)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getComponentToAddBoundingBox (IIIIIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175897_a (IIIIIIIIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/intersectsWith (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_78884_a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/func_175896_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_175896_b ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/expandTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_78888_b (Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/isVecInside (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Z func_175898_b (Ldf;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getXSize ()I func_78883_b ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getYSize ()I func_78882_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getZSize ()I func_78880_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_180717_f ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/toNBTTagIntArray ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray; func_151535_h ()Lds;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/generateChestContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z func_180778_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/func_175814_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175814_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/func_175813_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175813_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/func_181138_a (III)V func_181138_a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/func_175812_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175812_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/registerStructurePieces ()V func_143048_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/func_175892_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_175892_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/access$100 ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/func_175890_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_175890_b (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75059_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/func_175885_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3; func_175885_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/func_175884_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End; func_175884_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$b;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/func_175882_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight; func_175882_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/func_175883_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3; func_175883_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$d;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/func_175880_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4; func_175880_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$e;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/func_175881_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance; func_175881_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$f;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/func_175878_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2; func_175878_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/func_175879_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor; func_175879_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/func_175877_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5; func_175877_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$i;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/func_175876_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2; func_175876_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/func_175875_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom; func_175875_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$k;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/func_175874_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne; func_175874_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILcq;)Laqj$l;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/isAboveGround (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74964_a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/func_175871_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; func_175871_a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/func_175870_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_175870_a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;IZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentNormal (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74963_a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getTotalWeight (Ljava/util/List;)I func_74960_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentX (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74961_b (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentZ (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74965_c (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/func_78823_a ()Z func_78823_a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/func_78822_a (I)Z func_78822_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/func_175873_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing; func_175873_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$o;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/func_175872_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs; func_175872_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILcq;)Laqj$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/registerNetherFortressPieces ()V func_143049_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; a (Laqj$n;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$100 ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight; b ()[Laqj$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/func_175887_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; func_175887_b (Laqj$n;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$200 ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight; c ()[Laqj$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z func_175788_a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_75068_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143022_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175787_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)V func_175787_b (Ladg;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175789_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;II)V func_175789_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143017_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getScatteredFeatureSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; func_175799_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175836_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/List; func_175836_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175840_a (ZILnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175840_a (ZILadm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175839_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175839_b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175837_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175837_c (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175841_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175841_d (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175835_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175835_e (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175842_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175842_f (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175838_g (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175838_g (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z func_175969_a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; func_175968_a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175817_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;III)Z func_175817_a (Ladm;Laqe;III)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175819_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_175819_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_181655_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIIZ)V func_181655_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175821_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIZ)V func_175821_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175818_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIII)Z func_175818_a (Laqe;IIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175820_a (III)I func_175820_a (III)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175958_a ()V func_175958_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175959_a (I)Z func_175959_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175957_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)V func_175957_a (Lcq;Laql$v;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175961_b ()Z func_175961_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175960_c ()I func_175960_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces/registerOceanMonumentPieces ()V func_175970_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/func_175798_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175798_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getScatteredFeatureSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; func_82667_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V func_75062_a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/func_74935_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;I)Z func_74935_a (Ladm;Laqe;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces/registerScatteredFeaturePieces ()V func_143045_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getCoordList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75052_o_ ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$1/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z func_75189_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$2/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z func_75189_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/func_175868_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor; func_175868_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/func_175869_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175869_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/func_175866_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing; func_175866_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/func_175867_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn; func_175867_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$d;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/func_175864_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library; func_175864_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$e;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreStructures ()Z func_75190_a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z func_75189_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/func_175865_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom; func_175865_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/func_175860_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison; func_175860_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/func_175859_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing; func_175859_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V func_75062_a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/func_175863_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs; func_175863_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$l;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/getBoundingBoxCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180776_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/func_175862_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight; func_175862_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/func_175861_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight; func_175861_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$o;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; values ()[Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/placeDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door;III)V func_74990_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;Laqp$p$a;III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/canStrongholdGoDeeper (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74991_a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentNormal (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74986_a (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getRandomDoor (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; func_74988_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentX (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74989_b (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentZ (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74987_c (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/registerStrongholdPieces ()V func_143046_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$102 (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175954_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold; func_175954_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/prepareStructurePieces ()V func_75198_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175955_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold; func_175955_b (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$200 ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones; c ()Laqp$k;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175953_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_175953_c (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/canAddStructurePieces ()Z func_75202_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/setStructureStart (IILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart;)V func_143026_a (IILaqu;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/initializeStructureData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_143027_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V func_180701_a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/isPositionInStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175796_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z func_175794_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getClosestStrongholdPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180706_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/func_175795_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175795_b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/func_175797_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_175797_c (Lcj;)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getCoordList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75052_o_ ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureComponentName (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;)Ljava/lang/String; func_143036_a (Laqt;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureStartName (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart;)Ljava/lang/String; func_143033_a (Laqu;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureStart (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_143035_a (Ldn;Ladm;)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/registerStructureComponent (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_143031_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureComponent (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_143032_b (Ldn;Ladm;)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/registerStructure (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_143034_b (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_143041_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76184_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/writeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;II)V func_143043_a (Ldn;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/formatChunkCoords (II)Ljava/lang/String; func_143042_b (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76187_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180780_a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V func_75062_a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBoundingBoxCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180776_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getXWithOffset (II)I func_74865_a (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/func_181138_a (III)V func_181138_a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBlockStateFromPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175807_a (Ladm;IIILaqe;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175811_a (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/isLiquidInStructureBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74860_a (Ladm;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithAir (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIII)V func_74878_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V func_175804_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/randomlyRareFillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V func_180777_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithRandomizedBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIIZLjava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector;)V func_74882_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIIZLjava/util/Random;Laqt$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/func_175805_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;FIIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V func_175805_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;FIIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/randomlyPlaceBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;FIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_175809_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;FIIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/generateDispenserContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILjava/util/List;I)Z func_175806_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/placeDoorCurrentPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_175810_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/generateChestContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z func_180778_a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/readStructureBaseNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143009_a (Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getMetadataWithOffset (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)I func_151555_a (Lafh;I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/findIntersecting (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74883_a (Ljava/util/List;Laqe;)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/createStructureBaseNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_143010_b ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getZWithOffset (II)I func_74873_b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/clearCurrentPositionBlocksUpwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_74871_b (Ladm;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/replaceAirAndLiquidDownwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175808_b (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_74874_b ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getComponentType ()I func_74877_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getYWithOffset (I)I func_74862_a (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_75071_a ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/writeStructureComponentsToNBT (II)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_143021_a (II)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/func_175788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z func_175788_a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/readStructureComponentsFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143020_a (Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/markAvailableHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;I)V func_75067_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/setRandomHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;II)V func_75070_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_75068_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143022_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getComponents ()Ljava/util/LinkedList; func_75073_b ()Ljava/util/LinkedList;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/func_175787_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)V func_175787_b (Ladg;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143017_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/updateBoundingBox ()V func_75072_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/isSizeableStructure ()Z func_75069_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getChunkPosX ()I func_143019_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getChunkPosZ ()I func_143018_f ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143022_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143017_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/isSizeableStructure ()Z func_75069_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_143025_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z func_75047_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; func_75049_b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/func_175850_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1; func_175850_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/func_180779_c (II)I func_180779_c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/func_175851_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1; func_175851_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$b;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/func_151559_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_151559_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/func_175852_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2; func_175852_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/func_151560_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_151560_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Torch/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Torch/func_175856_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175856_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreVillagePieces ()Z func_75086_a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreVillagePiecesOfType (I)Z func_75085_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/func_175857_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall; func_175857_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$f;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/func_180779_c (II)I func_180779_c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/func_175858_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden; func_175858_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/func_175853_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut; func_175853_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/func_175854_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church; func_175854_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$i;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/func_180779_c (II)I func_180779_c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/func_175855_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2; func_175855_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/func_180779_c (II)I func_180779_c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; func_74925_d ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/func_175848_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; func_175848_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3/func_175849_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3; func_175849_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175811_a (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/spawnVillagers (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIII)V func_74893_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/fillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V func_175804_a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_175847_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175847_a (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/canVillageGoDeeper (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74895_a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getNextComponentNN (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74891_a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143012_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_175846_a (Z)V func_175846_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/replaceAirAndLiquidDownwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V func_175808_b (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getAverageGroundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)I func_74889_b (Ladm;Laqe;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getNextComponentPP (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_74894_b (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_143011_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_180779_c (II)I func_180779_c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Well/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z func_74875_a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Well/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_74861_a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/registerVillagePieces ()V func_143016_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176065_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village; func_176065_a (Laqw$k;Laqw$e;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_75079_a (Ljava/util/List;)I func_75079_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/getStructureVillageWeightedPieceList (Ljava/util/Random;I)Ljava/util/List; func_75084_a (Ljava/util/Random;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176067_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village; func_176067_c (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176066_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_176066_d (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176069_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; func_176069_e (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/func_76309_a (IDD)D func_76309_a (IDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/grad (IDDD)D func_76310_a (IDDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/populateNoiseArray ([DDDDIIIDDDD)V func_76308_a ([DDDDIIIDDDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/lerp (DDD)D func_76311_b (DDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generateNoiseOctaves ([DIIIIDDD)[D func_76305_a ([DIIIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generateNoiseOctaves ([DIIIIIIDDD)[D func_76304_a ([DIIIIIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151601_a (DD)D func_151601_a (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151599_a ([DDDIIDDD)[D func_151599_a ([DDDIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151600_a ([DDDIIDDDD)[D func_151600_a ([DDDIIDDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151607_a (D)I func_151607_a (D)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151605_a (DD)D func_151605_a (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151606_a ([DDDIIDDD)V func_151606_a ([DDDIIDDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151604_a ([IDD)D func_151604_a ([IDD)D
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/isSolid ()Z func_76220_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/blocksLight ()Z func_76228_b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/isSolid ()Z func_76220_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/blocksLight ()Z func_76228_b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/isSolid ()Z func_76220_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/isLiquid ()Z func_76224_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material$1/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isSolid ()Z func_76220_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/blocksLight ()Z func_76228_b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isLiquid ()Z func_76224_d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setRequiresTool ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76221_f ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setBurning ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76226_g ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getCanBurn ()Z func_76217_h ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setReplaceable ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76231_i ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isReplaceable ()Z func_76222_j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isOpaque ()Z func_76218_k ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isToolNotRequired ()Z func_76229_l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getMaterialMobility ()I func_76227_m ()I
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setNoPushMobility ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76219_n ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setImmovableMobility ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76225_o ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setAdventureModeExempt ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_85158_p ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getMaterialMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_151565_r ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setTranslucent ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; func_76223_p ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/getMapColor (I)I func_151643_b (I)I
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/isSolid ()Z func_76220_a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/blocksLight ()Z func_76228_b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/blocksMovement ()Z func_76230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerDeepOcean/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode; values ()[Larr$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsCoolWarm (IIII)[I func_151626_c (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsHeatIce (IIII)[I func_151624_d (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsSpecial (IIII)[I func_151625_e (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddIsland/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddMushroomIsland/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddSnow/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/replaceBiomeEdgeIfNecessary ([I[IIIIIII)Z func_151636_a ([I[IIIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/canBiomesBeNeighbors (II)Z func_151634_b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/replaceBiomeEdge ([I[IIIIIII)Z func_151635_b ([I[IIIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerFuzzyZoom/selectModeOrRandom (IIII)I func_151617_b (IIII)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/resetIntCache ()V func_76446_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/getIntCache (I)[I func_76445_a (I)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/getCacheSizes ()Ljava/lang/String; func_85144_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerIsland/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/nextInt (I)I func_75902_a (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/biomesEqualOrMesaPlateau (II)Z func_151616_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initWorldGenSeed (J)V func_75905_a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initChunkSeed (JJ)V func_75903_a (JJ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initializeAllBiomeGenerators (JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer; func_180781_a (JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)[Lase;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/selectRandom ([I)I func_151619_a ([I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/isBiomeOceanic (I)Z func_151618_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/selectModeOrRandom (IIII)I func_151617_b (IIII)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRareBiome/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverInit/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver/func_151630_c (I)I func_151630_c (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/initWorldGenSeed (J)V func_75905_a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151632_a ([I[IIIIII)V func_151632_a ([I[IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151631_c (I)Z func_151631_c (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151633_d (I)Z func_151633_d (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerSmooth/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerVoronoiZoom/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom/getInts (IIII)[I func_75904_a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom/magnify (JLnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer; func_75915_a (JLase;I)Lase;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/clearPath ()V func_75848_a ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/sortBack (I)V func_75847_a (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/addPoint (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_75849_a (Lasv;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/changeDistance (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)V func_75850_a (Lasv;F)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/sortForward (I)V func_75846_b (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/dequeue ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_75844_c ()Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/isPathEmpty ()Z func_75845_e ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/isAssigned ()Z func_75831_a ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/makeHash (III)I func_75830_a (III)I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)F func_75829_a (Lasv;)F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToSquared (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)F func_75832_b (Lasv;)F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/postProcess ()V func_176163_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/openPoint (III)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176159_a (III)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176162_a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176161_a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176160_a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I func_176164_a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/incrementPathIndex ()V func_75875_a ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getPathPointFromIndex (I)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_75877_a (I)Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isSamePath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity;)Z func_75876_a (Lasx;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getPosition (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75878_a (Lpk;)Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getVectorFromIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75881_a (Lpk;I)Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isFinished ()Z func_75879_b ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/setCurrentPathLength (I)V func_75871_b (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isDestinationSame (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_75880_b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getFinalPathPoint ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_75870_c ()Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/setCurrentPathIndex (I)V func_75872_c (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getCurrentPathLength ()I func_75874_d ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getCurrentPathIndex ()I func_75873_e ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDF)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_176189_a (Ladq;Lpk;DDDF)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_180782_a (Ladq;Lpk;Lcj;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_176188_a (Ladq;Lpk;Lpk;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_75853_a (Lasv;Lasv;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/addToPath (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_176187_a (Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/postProcess ()V func_176163_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176162_a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176161_a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176160_a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getSafePoint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176185_a (Lpk;III)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I func_176164_a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/func_176186_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)I func_176186_b (Lpk;III)I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/postProcess ()V func_176163_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_176162_a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/func_176170_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIIIIIZZZ)I func_176170_a (Ladq;Lpk;IIIIIIZZZ)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176161_a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176160_a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getVerticalOffset (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)I func_176177_a (Lpk;III)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getSafePoint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIII)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; func_176171_a (Lpk;IIII)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setEnterDoors (Z)V func_176175_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I func_176164_a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getEnterDoors ()Z func_176179_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setBreakDoors (Z)V func_176172_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setAvoidsWater (Z)V func_176176_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getCanSwim ()Z func_176174_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setCanSwim (Z)V func_176178_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getAvoidsWater ()Z func_176173_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76184_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/setDirty (Z)V func_76186_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76187_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/markDirty ()V func_76185_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/isDirty ()Z func_76188_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176110_a ()B func_176110_a ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176112_b ()B func_176112_b ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176113_c ()B func_176113_c ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176111_d ()B func_176111_d ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/update (II)V func_176102_a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/getPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_176101_a (Lzx;)Lff;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/calculateMapCenter (DDI)V func_176054_a (DDI)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateMapData (II)V func_176053_a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateDecorations (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;DDD)V func_82567_a (ILadm;Ljava/lang/String;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76184_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/getMapInfo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo; func_82568_a (Lwn;)Latg$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateVisiblePlayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_76191_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/getMapPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_176052_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76187_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/flush ()V func_75759_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; func_75763_a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75755_a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter$1/accept (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;)Z accept (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_154333_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertChunks (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;IILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V func_75811_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;Laec;IILnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertFile (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;IILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V func_75813_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Laec;IILnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/addRegionFilesToCollection (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_75810_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_154334_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_75805_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; func_75804_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75799_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_75801_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveVersion ()I func_75812_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/flushCache ()V func_75800_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/createFile (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_75809_f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76066_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnX (I)V func_76058_a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setTerrainType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;)V func_76085_a (Ladr;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176143_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/cloneNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76082_a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_76062_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V func_176144_a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setThundering (Z)V func_76069_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSeed ()J func_76063_b ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnY (I)V func_76056_b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldTotalTime (J)V func_82572_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setRaining (Z)V func_76084_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnX ()I func_76079_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnZ (I)V func_76087_c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldTime (J)V func_76068_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setAllowCommands (Z)V func_176121_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnY ()I func_76075_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setServerInitialized (Z)V func_76091_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnZ ()I func_76074_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSaveVersion (I)V func_76078_e (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setDifficultyLocked (Z)V func_180783_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldTotalTime ()J func_82573_f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setThunderTime (I)V func_76090_f (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldTime ()J func_76073_f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setRainTime (I)V func_76080_g (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSizeOnDisk ()J func_76092_g ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getPlayerNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76072_h ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76065_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSaveVersion ()I func_76088_k ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getLastTimePlayed ()J func_76057_l ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isThundering ()Z func_76061_m ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getThunderTime ()I func_76071_n ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isRaining ()Z func_76059_o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getRainTime ()I func_76083_p ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_76077_q ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z func_76089_r ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z func_76093_s ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_76067_t ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/areCommandsAllowed ()Z func_76086_u ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isInitialized ()Z func_76070_v ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getGameRulesInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; func_82574_x ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_176130_y ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isDifficultyLocked ()Z func_176123_z ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/flush ()V func_75759_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; func_75763_a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V func_75761_a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75755_a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; func_75758_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75753_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; func_75765_b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/readPlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_75752_b (Lwn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/checkSessionLock ()V func_75762_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_75757_d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; func_75756_e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_75754_f ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75760_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/setSessionLock ()V func_75766_h ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_154333_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_154334_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/renameWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_75806_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_75805_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; func_75804_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/deleteFiles ([Ljava/io/File;)Z func_75807_a ([Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75799_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_75801_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getWorldInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_75803_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/flushCache ()V func_75800_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_154335_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/deleteWorldDirectory (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_75802_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/canLoadWorld (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_90033_f (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getCleanWeatherTime ()I func_176133_A ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGeneratorOptions ()Ljava/lang/String; func_82571_y ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterX ()D func_176120_C ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterZ ()D func_176126_D ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderSize ()D func_176137_E ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderLerpTime ()J func_176134_F ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderLerpTarget ()D func_176132_G ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderSafeZone ()D func_176138_H ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderDamagePerBlock ()D func_176140_I ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderWarningDistance ()I func_176131_J ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderWarningTime ()I func_176139_K ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76066_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderSize (D)V func_176145_a (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnX (I)V func_76058_a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_76060_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/populateFromWorldSettings (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V func_176127_a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setTerrainType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;)V func_76085_a (Ladr;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; a (Lato;)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/addToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V func_85118_a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176143_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/cloneNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76082_a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/updateTagCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76064_a (Ldn;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_76062_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V func_176144_a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setThundering (Z)V func_76069_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSeed ()J func_76063_b ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderLerpTarget (D)V func_176118_b (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnY (I)V func_76056_b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldTotalTime (J)V func_82572_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z b (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setRaining (Z)V func_76084_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnX ()I func_76079_c ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterZ (D)V func_176141_c (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnZ (I)V func_76087_c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldTime (J)V func_76068_b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lato;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setAllowCommands (Z)V func_176121_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnY ()I func_76075_d ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterX (D)V func_176124_d (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I d (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setServerInitialized (Z)V func_76091_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnZ ()I func_76074_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderSafeZone (D)V func_176129_e (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSaveVersion (I)V func_76078_e (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderLerpTime (J)V func_176135_e (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I e (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setDifficultyLocked (Z)V func_180783_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldTotalTime ()J func_82573_f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderDamagePerBlock (D)V func_176125_f (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setThunderTime (I)V func_76090_f (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I f (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setMapFeaturesEnabled (Z)V func_176128_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldTime ()J func_76073_f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setRainTime (I)V func_76080_g (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)J g (Lato;)J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setHardcore (Z)V func_176119_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSizeOnDisk ()J func_76092_g ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)J h (Lato;)J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getPlayerNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_76072_h ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setCleanWeatherTime (I)V func_176142_i (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I i (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderWarningDistance (I)V func_176122_j (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I j (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76065_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderWarningTime (I)V func_176136_k (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I k (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSaveVersion ()I func_76088_k ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z l (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getLastTimePlayed ()J func_76057_l ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1200 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I m (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isThundering ()Z func_76061_m ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1300 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z n (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getThunderTime ()I func_76071_n ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1400 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; o (Lato;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isRaining ()Z func_76059_o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1500 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z p (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getRainTime ()I func_76083_p ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1600 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z q (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_76077_q ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z func_76089_r ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z func_76093_s ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_76067_t ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/areCommandsAllowed ()Z func_76086_u ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isInitialized ()Z func_76070_v ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGameRulesInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; func_82574_x ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_176130_y ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isDifficultyLocked ()Z func_176123_z ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/flush ()V func_75759_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; func_75763_a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V func_75761_a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75755_a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; func_75758_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; func_75765_b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/checkSessionLock ()V func_75762_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_75757_d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; func_75756_e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75760_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_154333_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_154334_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/renameWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_75806_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_75805_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; func_75804_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75799_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_75801_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getWorldInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_75803_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/flushCache ()V func_75800_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_154335_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/deleteWorldDirectory (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_75802_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/canLoadWorld (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_90033_f (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getFileName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75786_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator;)I a (Lats;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75788_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getSizeOnDisk ()J func_154336_c ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/requiresConversion ()Z func_75785_d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getLastTimePlayed ()J func_75784_e ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getEnumGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_75790_f ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z func_75789_g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getCheatsEnabled ()Z func_75783_h ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/flush ()V func_75759_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; func_75763_a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V func_75761_a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75755_a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; func_75758_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; func_75765_b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/checkSessionLock ()V func_75762_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; func_75757_d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; func_75756_e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75760_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75753_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/readPlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_75752_b (Lwn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_75754_f ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/saveAllData ()V func_75744_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/loadData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; func_75742_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_75743_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/setData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V func_75745_a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveAllData ()V func_75744_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveData (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V func_75747_a (Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; func_75742_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_75743_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/setData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V func_75745_a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadIdCounts ()V func_75746_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/getThreadedIOInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase; func_178779_a ()Lauc;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/queueIO (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO;)V func_75735_a (Laud;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/waitForFinish ()V func_75734_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/processQueue ()V func_75736_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO/writeNextIO ()Z func_75814_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/getAverageEdgeLength ()D func_72320_b ()D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/addCoord (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_72321_a (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/fromBounds (DDDDDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_178781_a (DDDDDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/union (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_111270_a (Laug;)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateXOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D func_72316_a (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInside (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_72318_a (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateIntercept (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_72327_a (Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/hasNaN ()Z func_181656_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/expand (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_72314_b (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/intersectsWith (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_72326_a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateYOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D func_72323_b (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInYZ (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_72333_b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/offset (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_72317_d (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateZOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D func_72322_c (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInXZ (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_72315_c (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/contract (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_72331_e (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInXY (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_72319_d (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauh$a;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType; values ()[Lauh$a;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_178782_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/normalize ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72432_b ()Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtract (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178786_a (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/rotatePitch (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178789_a (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtractReverse (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72444_a (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithXValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72429_b (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/lengthVector ()D func_72433_c ()D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/addVector (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72441_c (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/rotateYaw (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178785_b (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/dotProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D func_72430_b (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithYValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72435_c (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72431_c (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithZValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_72434_d (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtract (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178788_d (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/add (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178787_e (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/distanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D func_72438_d (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/squareDistanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D func_72436_e (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; func_96682_a ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/setRenderType (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType;)V func_178767_a (Lauu$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/setDisplayName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96681_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96679_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getCriteria ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria; func_96680_c ()Lauu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96678_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178766_e ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/func_98298_a (I)V func_98298_a (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setChatFormat (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)V func_178774_a (La;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNameTagVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible;)V func_178772_a (Lauq$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/formatPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_96667_a (Lauq;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setTeamName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96664_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setAllowFriendlyFire (Z)V func_96660_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getRegisteredName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96661_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setDeathMessageVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible;)V func_178773_b (Lauq$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNamePrefix (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96666_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled (Z)V func_98300_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getTeamName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96669_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNameSuffix (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96662_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getMembershipCollection ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96670_d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_142053_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getColorPrefix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96668_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getColorSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96663_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getAllowFriendlyFire ()Z func_96665_g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled ()Z func_98297_h ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getNameTagVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; func_178770_i ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getDeathMessageVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; func_178771_j ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/func_98299_i ()I func_98299_i ()I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getChatFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; func_178775_l ()La;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)I a (Laum;Laum;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/func_96648_a ()V func_96648_a ()V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/increseScore (I)V func_96649_a (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/func_96651_a (Ljava/util/List;)V func_96651_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/setLocked (Z)V func_178815_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/decreaseScore (I)V func_96646_b (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getScorePoints ()I func_96652_c ()I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/setScorePoints (I)V func_96647_c (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getObjective ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; func_96645_d ()Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getPlayerName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96653_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getScoreScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; func_96650_f ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/isLocked ()Z func_178816_g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveInDisplaySlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; func_96539_a (I)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/setObjectiveInDisplaySlot (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96530_a (ILauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onScoreObjectiveAdded (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96522_a (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/broadcastTeamCreated (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96523_a (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96536_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)V func_96536_a (Laum;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectivesFromCriteria (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria;)Ljava/util/Collection; func_96520_a (Lauu;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removePlayerFromTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96512_b (Ljava/lang/String;Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/addScoreObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; func_96535_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauu;)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/addPlayerToTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151392_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_181140_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_181140_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveDisplaySlot (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_96517_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onObjectiveDisplayNameChanged (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96532_b (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/sendTeamUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96538_b (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjective (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; func_96518_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/entityHasObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Z func_178819_b (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getScoreObjectives ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96514_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onScoreObjectiveRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96533_c (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96513_c (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96513_c (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectivesForEntity (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; func_96510_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getValueFromObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score; func_96529_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)Laum;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96526_d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96511_d (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; func_96508_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeObjectiveFromEntity (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_178822_d (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getScores ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96528_e ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/createTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; func_96527_f (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeamNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96531_f ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removePlayerFromTeams (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_96524_g (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeams ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96525_g ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getDisplaySlotStrings ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_178821_h ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getPlayersTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; func_96509_i (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getSortedScores (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/Collection; func_96534_i (Lauk;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveDisplaySlotNumber (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_96537_j (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeObjective (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96519_k (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96496_a ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_96496_a ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96502_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_96502_a (Laul;Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/setScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;)V func_96499_a (Lauo;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76184_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readTeams (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_96498_a (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/objectivesToNbt ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_96505_b ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76187_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readObjectives (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_96501_b (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readDisplayConfig (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_96504_c (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readScores (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_96500_c (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96497_d (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_96497_d (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/scoresToNbt ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_96503_e ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/func_178825_a ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_178825_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/func_178824_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; func_178824_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; values ()[Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/isSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;)Z func_142054_a (Lauq;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getRegisteredName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96661_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getMembershipCollection ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_96670_d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_142053_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getAllowFriendlyFire ()Z func_96665_g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled ()Z func_98297_h ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getNameTagVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; func_178770_i ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getDeathMessageVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; func_178771_j ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96636_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I func_96635_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/isReadOnly ()Z func_96637_b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178790_c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96636_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I func_96635_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z func_96637_b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178790_c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I func_96635_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z func_96637_b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178790_c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/func_178796_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178796_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/func_178795_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178795_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; values ()[Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_96636_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I func_96635_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z func_96637_b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_178790_c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178804_a ()Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getBlockAtEntityViewpoint (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_180786_a (Ladm;Lpk;F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/projectViewFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_178806_a (Lpk;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/updateRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V func_74583_a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationX ()F func_178808_b ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationXZ ()F func_178809_c ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationZ ()F func_178803_d ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationYZ ()F func_178805_e ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationXY ()F func_178807_f ()F
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151461_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getUpdatedCounter ()I func_74540_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getChatLineID ()I func_74539_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/unPressAllKeys ()V func_74506_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/onTick (I)V func_74507_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/setKeyBindState (IZ)V func_74510_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;)I a (Lavb;)I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/resetKeyBindingArrayAndHash ()V func_74508_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/setKeyCode (I)V func_151462_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeybinds ()Ljava/util/Set; func_151467_c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/isKeyDown ()Z func_151470_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCategory ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151466_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/isPressed ()Z func_151468_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151464_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCodeDefault ()I func_151469_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCode ()I func_151463_i ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/unpressKey ()V func_74505_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/disableStandardItemLighting ()V func_74518_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/setColorBuffer (DDDD)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; func_74517_a (DDDD)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/setColorBuffer (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; func_74521_a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/enableStandardItemLighting ()V func_74519_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/enableGUIStandardItemLighting ()V func_74520_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/generateDisplayLists (I)I func_74526_a (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/deleteDisplayLists (II)V func_178874_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/deleteDisplayLists (I)V func_74523_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectByteBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; func_74524_c (I)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectIntBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/IntBuffer; func_74527_f (I)Ljava/nio/IntBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectFloatBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; func_74529_h (I)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$1/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74535_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$11/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$8/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$9/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getMinecraft ()Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; func_71410_x ()Lave;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/scheduleResourcesRefresh ()Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_175603_A ()Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getGLMaximumTextureSize ()I func_71369_N ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getCurrentServerData ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; func_147104_D ()Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isIntegratedServerRunning ()Z func_71387_A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isSingleplayer ()Z func_71356_B ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getIntegratedServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer; func_71401_C ()Lbpo;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/stopIntegratedServer ()V func_71363_D ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getPlayerUsageSnooper ()Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper; func_71378_E ()Lor;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSystemTime ()J func_71386_F ()J
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFullScreen ()Z func_71372_G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSession ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Session; func_110432_I ()Lavm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTwitchDetails ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap; func_180509_L ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getProfileProperties ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap; func_181037_M ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; func_110437_J ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTextureManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager; func_110434_K ()Lbmj;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getResourceManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager; func_110442_L ()Lbni;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getResourcePackRepository ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository; func_110438_M ()Lbnm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getLanguageManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; func_135016_M ()Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTextureMapBlocks ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap; func_147117_R ()Lbmh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isJava64bit ()Z func_147111_S ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGamePaused ()Z func_147113_T ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSoundHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler; func_147118_V ()Lbpz;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getAmbientMusicType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType; func_147109_W ()Lbpv$a;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTwitchStream ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream; func_152346_Z ()Lbqm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/dispatchKeypresses ()V func_152348_aa ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/run ()V func_99999_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setDimensionAndSpawnPlayer (I)V func_71354_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/resize (II)V func_71370_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/draw (IIIIIIIIII)V func_181536_a (IIIIIIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayDebugInfo (J)V func_71366_a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lave;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayGuiScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V func_147108_a (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/crashed (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V func_71404_a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadWorld (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)V func_71403_a (Lbdb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadWorld (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71353_a (Lbdb;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setServerData (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_71351_a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/drawSplashScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;)V func_180510_a (Lbmj;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/readImageToBuffer (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; func_152340_a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_152344_a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/launchIntegratedServer (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V func_71371_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addScheduledTask (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_152343_a (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70000_a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setRenderViewEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_175607_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/pickBlockWithNBT (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_181036_a (Lzw;ILakw;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V func_181537_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getCurrentAction ()Ljava/lang/String; func_181538_aA ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z func_152345_ab ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; func_152347_ac ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSkinManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager; func_152342_ad ()Lbnp;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderViewEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175606_aa ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isSnooperEnabled ()Z func_70002_Q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getBlockRendererDispatcher ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher; func_175602_ab ()Lbgd;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager; func_175598_ae ()Lbiu;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderItem ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem; func_175599_af ()Lbjh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getItemRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer; func_175597_ag ()Lbfn;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getDebugFPS ()I func_175610_ah ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getFrameTimer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/FrameTimer; func_181539_aj ()Lnh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSessionInfo ()Ljava/util/Map; func_175596_ai ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isConnectedToRealms ()Z func_181540_al ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startGame ()V func_71384_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/registerMetadataSerializers ()V func_175608_ak ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/initStream ()V func_175595_al ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/createDisplay ()V func_175609_am ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setInitialDisplayMode ()V func_175605_an ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setWindowIcon ()V func_175594_ao ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isJvm64bit ()Z func_147122_X ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startTimerHackThread ()V func_71389_H ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDisplayMode ()V func_110441_Q ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/runGameLoop ()V func_71411_J ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/clickMouse ()V func_147116_af ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/rightClickMouse ()V func_147121_ag ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateFramebufferSize ()V func_147119_ah ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/middleClickMouse ()V func_147112_ai ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getFramebuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; func_147110_a ()Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDebugProfilerName (I)V func_71383_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; b (Lave;)Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addGraphicsAndWorldToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_71396_d (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/checkGLError (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71361_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70001_b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/sendClickBlockToController (Z)V func_147115_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175600_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V func_71377_b (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isUnicode ()Z func_152349_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/refreshResources ()V func_110436_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSaveLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat; func_71359_d ()Latr;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/shutdownMinecraftApplet ()V func_71405_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDisplay ()V func_175601_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/checkWindowResize ()V func_175604_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getLimitFramerate ()I func_90020_K ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFramerateLimitBelowMax ()Z func_147107_h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/freeMemory ()V func_71398_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/shutdown ()V func_71400_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setIngameFocus ()V func_71381_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setIngameNotInFocus ()V func_71364_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayInGameMenu ()V func_71385_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/toggleFullscreen ()V func_71352_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getMusicTicker ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker; func_181535_r ()Lbpv;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/runTick ()V func_71407_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isDemo ()Z func_71355_q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getNetHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient; func_147114_u ()Lbcy;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGuiEnabled ()Z func_71382_s ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFancyGraphicsEnabled ()Z func_71375_t ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isAmbientOcclusionEnabled ()Z func_71379_u ()Z
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/grabMouseCursor ()V func_74372_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/ungrabMouseCursor ()V func_74373_b ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/mouseXYChange ()V func_74374_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumFloat ()Z func_74380_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/setValueMax (F)V func_148263_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumOptions (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; func_74379_a (I)Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F a (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumBoolean ()Z func_74382_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F b (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/returnEnumOrdinal ()I func_74381_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/normalizeValue (F)F func_148266_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_74378_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/denormalizeValue (F)F func_148262_d (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/snapToStepClamp (F)F func_148268_e (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getValueMax ()F func_148267_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/snapToStep (F)F func_148264_f (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; values ()[Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/loadOptions ()V func_74300_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/isKeyDown (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;)Z func_100015_a (Lavb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionKeyBinding (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;I)V func_151440_a (Lavb;I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getOptionFloatValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F func_74296_a (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionFloatValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;F)V func_74304_a (Lavh$a;F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;I)V func_74306_a (Lavh$a;I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F func_151438_a (Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V func_151439_a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/parseFloat (Ljava/lang/String;)F func_74305_a (Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/switchModelPartEnabled (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)V func_178877_a (Lwo;)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setModelPartEnabled (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;Z)V func_178878_a (Lwo;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getTranslation ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; func_74299_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/saveOptions ()V func_74303_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getOptionOrdinalValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Z func_74308_b (Lavh$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/sendSettingsToServer ()V func_82879_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getKeyDisplayString (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_74298_c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getKeyBinding (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74297_c (Lavh$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getModelParts ()Ljava/util/Set; func_178876_d ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/shouldRenderClouds ()I func_181147_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/isUsingNativeTransport ()Z func_181148_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/setDoneWorking ()V func_146586_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/setLoadingProgress (I)V func_73718_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73720_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73721_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73719_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displayString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73722_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/getTimestampedPNGFileForDirectory (Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/io/File; func_74290_a (Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/saveScreenshot (Ljava/io/File;IILnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_148260_a (Ljava/io/File;IILbfw;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/saveScreenshot (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;IILnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_148259_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;IILbfw;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/Timer/updateTimer ()V func_74275_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/setSessionType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; func_152421_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; values ()[Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getSessionID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111286_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getPlayerID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148255_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getUsername ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111285_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getToken ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148254_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_148256_e ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getSessionType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; func_152428_f ()Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getUnicodeFlag ()Z func_82883_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getCharWidth (C)I func_78263_a (C)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderChar (CZ)F func_181559_a (CZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getUnicodePageLocation (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_111271_a (I)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderDefaultChar (IZ)F func_78266_a (IZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getStringWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_78256_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawStringWithShadow (Ljava/lang/String;FFI)I func_175063_a (Ljava/lang/String;FFI)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I func_175065_a (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; func_78269_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)I func_78276_b (Ljava/lang/String;III)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawSplitString (Ljava/lang/String;IIII)V func_78279_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderStringAligned (Ljava/lang/String;IIIIZ)I func_78274_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIIIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderSplitString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V func_78268_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Ljava/lang/String; func_78262_a (Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderStringAtPos (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_78255_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/setUnicodeFlag (Z)V func_78264_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getBidiFlag ()Z func_78260_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getColorCode (C)I func_175064_b (C)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderUnicodeChar (CZ)F func_78277_a (CZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/loadGlyphTexture (I)V func_78257_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getFormatFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_78282_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderString (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I func_180455_b (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/splitStringWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_78267_b (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/setBidiFlag (Z)V func_78275_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/readFontTexture ()V func_111272_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/isFormatColor (C)Z func_78272_b (C)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/bidiReorder (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_147647_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/listFormattedStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; func_78271_c (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/readGlyphSizes ()V func_98306_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/isFormatSpecial (C)Z func_78270_c (C)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringNewline (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_78273_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/wrapFormattedStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; func_78280_d (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/resetStyles ()V func_78265_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/sizeStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_78259_e (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)Z a (Laum;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setDefaultTitlesTimes ()V func_175177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderGameOverlay (F)V func_175180_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderVignette (FLnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180480_a (FLavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderHotbarItem (IIIFLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_175184_a (IIIFLwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180475_a (Lauk;Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderSelectedItem (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_181551_a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;F)V func_180479_a (Lavr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderHorseJumpBar (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;I)V func_175186_a (Lavr;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Z)V func_175188_a (Leu;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlayingMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73833_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayTitle (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_175178_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlaying (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_110326_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/showCrosshair ()Z func_175183_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPortal (FLnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180474_b (FLavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderDemo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_175185_b (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderExpBar (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;I)V func_175176_b (Lavr;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/updateTick ()V func_73831_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderStreamIndicator (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180478_c (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getChatGUI ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat; func_146158_b ()Lavt;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPlayerStats (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180477_d (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getUpdateCounter ()I func_73834_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPumpkinOverlay (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_180476_e (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; func_175179_f ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getSpectatorGui ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator; func_175187_g ()Lawm;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getTabList ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay; func_175181_h ()Lawh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/resetPlayersOverlayFooterHeader ()V func_181029_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderBossHealth ()V func_73828_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (FFIIII)V func_175174_a (FFIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawModalRectWithCustomSizedTexture (IIFFIIFF)V func_146110_a (IIFFIIFF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawScaledCustomSizeModalRect (IIFFIIIIFF)V func_152125_a (IIFFIIIIFF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawHorizontalLine (IIII)V func_73730_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawRect (IIIII)V func_73734_a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawGradientRect (IIIIII)V func_73733_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;II)V func_175175_a (IILbmi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawCenteredString (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_73732_a (Lavn;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawVerticalLine (IIII)V func_73728_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (IIIIII)V func_73729_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawString (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_73731_b (Lavn;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/updateMapTexture ()V func_148236_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;)V a (Lavq$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;Z)V a (Lavq$a;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/render (Z)V func_148237_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lavq$a;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/clearLoadedMaps ()V func_148249_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/updateMapTexture (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V func_148246_a (Latg;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/renderMap (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;Z)V func_148250_a (Latg;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager; a (Lavq;)Lbmj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/access$500 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/getMapRendererInstance (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance; func_148248_b (Latg;)Lavq$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledWidth ()I func_78326_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledHeight ()I func_78328_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledWidth_double ()D func_78327_c ()D
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledHeight_double ()D func_78324_d ()D
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaleFactor ()I func_78325_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/isMouseOver ()Z func_146115_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/setWidth (I)V func_175211_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mouseReleased (II)V func_146118_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V func_146113_a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/getHoverState (Z)I func_146114_a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/getButtonWidth ()I func_146117_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V func_146111_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146119_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/clearChatMessages ()V func_146231_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/calculateChatboxWidth (F)I func_146233_a (F)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/drawChat (I)V func_146230_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatComponent (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_146236_a (II)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/printChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_146227_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/printChatMessageWithOptionalDeletion (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;I)V func_146234_a (Leu;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/setChatLine (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;IIZ)V func_146237_a (Leu;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/addToSentMessages (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146239_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/refreshChat ()V func_146245_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/calculateChatboxHeight (F)I func_146243_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/scroll (I)V func_146229_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getSentMessages ()Ljava/util/List; func_146238_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/deleteChatLine (I)V func_146242_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/resetScroll ()V func_146240_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatOpen ()Z func_146241_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatWidth ()I func_146228_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatHeight ()I func_146246_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatScale ()F func_146244_h ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getLineCount ()I func_146232_i ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents/splitText (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;ILnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;ZZ)Ljava/util/List; func_178908_a (Leu;ILavn;ZZ)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents/func_178909_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_178909_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfoLeft ()V func_180798_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/blendColors (IIF)I func_181553_a (IIF)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/bytesToMb (J)J func_175240_a (J)J
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_175237_a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/call ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfoRight (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_175239_b (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/getDebugInfoRight ()Ljava/util/List; func_175238_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/getFrameColor (IIII)I func_181552_c (IIII)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/isReducedDebug ()Z func_175236_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderLagometer ()V func_181554_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/updateCursorCounter ()V func_146178_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/textboxKeyTyped (CI)Z func_146201_a (CI)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/deleteWords (I)V func_146177_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getNthWordFromPos (II)I func_146183_a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/mouseClicked (III)V func_146192_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/func_146197_a (IIZ)I func_146197_a (IIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/func_175207_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder;)V func_175207_a (Lawg$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setValidator (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V func_175205_a (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setText (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146180_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setEnableBackgroundDrawing (Z)V func_146185_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_146179_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/deleteFromCursor (I)V func_146175_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/writeText (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146191_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setFocused (Z)V func_146195_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getSelectedText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_146207_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getNthWordFromCursor (I)I func_146187_c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/drawCursorVertical (IIII)V func_146188_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setEnabled (Z)V func_146184_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getId ()I func_175206_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/moveCursorBy (I)V func_146182_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCanLoseFocus (Z)V func_146205_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPositionZero ()V func_146196_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPosition (I)V func_146190_e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setVisible (Z)V func_146189_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPositionEnd ()V func_146202_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setMaxStringLength (I)V func_146203_f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/drawTextBox ()V func_146194_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setTextColor (I)V func_146193_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getMaxStringLength ()I func_146208_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setDisabledTextColour (I)V func_146204_h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getCursorPosition ()I func_146198_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setSelectionPos (I)V func_146199_i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getEnableBackgroundDrawing ()Z func_146181_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isFocused ()Z func_146206_l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getSelectionEnd ()I func_146186_n ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getWidth ()I func_146200_o ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getVisible ()Z func_146176_q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider$FormatHelper/getText (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String; func_175318_a (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175219_a (F)V func_175219_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175218_a (FZ)V func_175218_a (FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mouseReleased (II)V func_146118_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/getHoverState (Z)I func_146114_a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146119_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175220_c ()F func_175220_c ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175217_d ()F func_175217_d ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/getDisplayString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175221_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/setCentered ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel; func_175203_a ()Lavy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/drawLabel (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146159_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/func_175202_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175202_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/drawLabelBackground (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146160_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonLanguage/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/func_175212_b (Z)V func_175212_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/buildDisplayString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175213_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/func_178910_a ()I func_178910_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/func_178912_b ()I func_178912_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon; values ()[Lawc$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/func_175229_b (Z)V func_175229_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/func_175230_c ()Z func_175230_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/func_178040_a (III)V func_178040_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/mouseClicked (III)Z func_148179_a (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/mouseReleased (III)Z func_148181_b (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton/returnEnumOptions ()Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; func_146136_c ()Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/func_148182_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;IILnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; func_148182_a (Lave;IILavh$a;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row; func_148180_b (I)Lawf$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry/func_178940_a ()Z func_178940_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/onTick (IF)V func_175320_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/func_175321_a (IZ)V func_175321_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry/func_178950_a ()Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; func_178950_a ()Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178022_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; func_178022_a ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;III)Z func_178026_a (Lavp;III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;IIIZ)V func_178017_a (Lavp;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178023_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;III)Z func_178023_a (Lavs;III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178024_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;IIIZ)V func_178024_a (Lavs;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178018_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField;III)V func_178018_a (Lavw;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178027_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField;IZ)V func_178027_a (Lavw;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178025_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel;IIIZ)V func_178025_a (Lavy;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; a (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178021_b ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; func_178021_b ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178016_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;III)V func_178016_b (Lavp;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178019_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;III)V func_178019_b (Lavs;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; b (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; c (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178935_b ()I func_178935_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178936_c ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178936_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178934_d ()Z func_178934_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178945_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider$FormatHelper; func_178945_a ()Lavx$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178943_e ()F func_178943_e ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178944_f ()F func_178944_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178942_g ()F func_178942_g ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178062_a (CI)V func_178062_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178065_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton; func_178065_a (IILawg$a;)Lawb;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178068_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; func_178068_a (IILawg$c;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178063_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel; func_178063_a (IILawg$e;Z)Lavy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178067_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider; func_178067_a (IILawg$g;)Lavx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178066_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;Z)V func_178066_a (Lavp;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178058_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; func_178058_a (Lawg$f;IZ)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_181155_a (Z)V func_181155_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/mouseClicked (III)Z func_148179_a (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_181156_c (I)V func_181156_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178061_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; func_178061_c (I)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178059_e ()I func_178059_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawg$d;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178060_e (II)V func_178060_e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178057_f ()I func_178057_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178056_g ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; func_178056_g ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178071_h ()V func_178071_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178064_i ()V func_178064_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178069_s ()V func_178069_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178055_t ()V func_178055_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)I a (Lbdc;Lbdc;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/resetFooterHeader ()V func_181030_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/drawPing (IIILnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)V func_175245_a (IIILbdc;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/renderPlayerlist (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_175249_a (ILauo;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/drawScoreboardValues (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;ILjava/lang/String;IILnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)V func_175247_a (Lauk;ILjava/lang/String;IILbdc;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/getPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; func_175243_a (Lbdc;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/setFooter (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_175248_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/updatePlayerList (Z)V func_175246_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/setHeader (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_175244_b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148132_a (II)V func_148132_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawScreen (IIF)V func_148128_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_178040_a (III)V func_178040_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setDimensions (IIII)V func_148122_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V func_148129_a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_148147_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setHasListHeader (ZI)V func_148133_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148142_b (II)V func_148142_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawSelectionBox (IIII)V func_148120_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setShowSelectionBox (Z)V func_148130_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSlotIndexFromScreenCoords (II)I func_148124_c (II)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/overlayBackground (IIII)V func_148136_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/registerScrollButtons (II)V func_148134_d (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setEnabled (Z)V func_148143_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/isMouseYWithinSlotBounds (I)Z func_148141_e (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollBy (I)V func_148145_f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setSlotXBoundsFromLeft (I)V func_148140_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/bindAmountScrolled ()V func_148121_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148135_f ()I func_148135_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getAmountScrolled ()I func_148148_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/handleMouseInput ()V func_178039_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getEnabled ()Z func_148125_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSlotHeight ()I func_148146_j ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mouseReleased (II)V func_146118_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/getHoverState (Z)I func_146114_a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146119_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/updateStreamAlpha ()V func_152439_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/render (II)V func_152437_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/render (IIII)V func_152436_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/func_152440_b ()I func_152440_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/func_152438_c ()I func_152438_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175262_a ()Z func_175262_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175260_a (I)V func_175260_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175266_a (IIFFLnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject;)V func_175266_a (IIFFLbah;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/renderSelectedItem (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V func_175263_a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;F)V func_175264_a (Lavr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175258_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;FIFLnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails;)V func_175258_a (Lavr;FIFLbaj;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175257_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_175257_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175261_b ()V func_175261_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175259_b (I)V func_175259_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175265_c ()F func_175265_c ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mouseReleased (II)V func_146118_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/setText (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_154311_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getHoverState (Z)I func_146114_a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getButtonWidth ()I func_146117_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146119_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/setEnabled (Z)V func_154313_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getId ()I func_154314_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/func_154312_c (Z)I func_154312_c (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getEnabled ()Z func_154315_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getPositionY ()I func_154316_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getRealmsButton ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; func_154317_g ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getHeight ()I func_175232_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178043_a (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V func_178043_a (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSelectionBox (IIII)V func_148120_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178044_e ()I func_178044_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178042_f ()I func_178042_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178045_g ()I func_178045_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/handleMouseInput ()V func_178039_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154321_a ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen; func_154321_a ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawGradientRect (IIIIII)V func_73733_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V func_146273_a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154323_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; func_154323_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawCreativeTabHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;II)V func_146279_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154325_a (Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_154325_a (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154322_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V func_154322_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawHoveringText (Ljava/util/List;II)V func_146283_a (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154327_a (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V func_154327_a (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_146285_a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawTexturedModalRect (IIIIII)V func_73729_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154319_c (Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_154319_c (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154328_b (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V func_154328_b (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawWorldBackground (I)V func_146270_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawDefaultBackground ()V func_146276_q_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154326_c (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_154326_c (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154329_h ()I func_154329_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154324_i ()V func_154324_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154320_j ()Ljava/util/List; func_154320_j ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/handleKeyboardInput ()V func_146282_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getWidth ()I func_154338_k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getMouseY ()I func_154339_l ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getMouseX ()I func_154337_m ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/handleMouseInput ()V func_178039_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawScreen (IIF)V func_148128_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getWidth ()I func_178048_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getMouseY ()I func_178047_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getMouseX ()I func_178049_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/handleMouseInput ()V func_178039_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/autocompletePlayerNames ()V func_146404_p_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/sendAutocompleteRequest (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146405_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/setText (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_175274_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/onAutocompleteResponse ([Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146406_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/getSentHistory (I)V func_146402_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/copyLinkToClipboard ()V func_146359_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/disableSecurityWarning ()V func_146358_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/setButtonDelay (I)V func_146350_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Z a (Lawz;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lawz;Lek;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_146367_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; b (Lawz;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen; c (Lawz;)Laxu;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_175784_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getSlotForShortcut (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_175783_e (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148225_a (IILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_148225_a (IILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148224_c (IIII)V func_148224_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148226_e (II)V func_148226_e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146384_e ()Ljava/lang/String; func_146384_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F a (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146383_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146383_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F b (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F c (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F d (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; e (Laxa;)Lapz;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146375_g ()V func_146375_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146382_i ()Z func_146382_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/calcSaveDirName ()V func_146314_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/recreateFromExistingWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V func_146318_a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/getUncollidingSaveDirName (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_146317_a (Latr;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/showMoreWorldOptions (Z)V func_146316_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/updateDisplayState ()V func_146319_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/canSelectCurWorldType ()Z func_175299_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/toggleMoreWorldOptions ()V func_146315_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/func_178051_a (IILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_178051_a (IILjy;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/func_175304_a ()V func_175304_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset; a (Laxc;)Laxc$b;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V a (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; b (Laxc;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V b (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V c (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V d (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$000 ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/func_175305_g ()Z func_175305_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175323_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175323_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175327_a (F)V func_175327_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/onTick (IF)V func_175320_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/getText (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String; func_175318_a (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175321_a (IZ)V func_175321_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175324_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175324_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_181031_a (Z)V func_181031_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175322_b (I)V func_175322_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175330_b (IF)Ljava/lang/String; func_175330_b (IF)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175329_a (Z)V func_175329_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175325_f ()V func_175325_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175326_g ()V func_175326_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175331_h ()V func_175331_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175328_i ()V func_175328_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/drawDefaultBackground ()V func_146276_q_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/wakeFromSleep ()V func_146418_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; a (Laxl;)Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; b (Laxl;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton; c (Laxl;)Lawe;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton; d (Laxl;)Lawe;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions$1/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V func_146113_a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/func_175355_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)Ljava/lang/String; func_175355_a (Loj;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_178054_a (IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)V func_178054_a (IILzw;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_148171_c (IIII)V func_148171_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_148173_e (II)V func_148173_e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146426_g ()V func_146426_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F a (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_175354_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V func_175354_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;ILady;Ljava/util/List;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146421_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V func_146421_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;Lady;Ljava/util/List;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146425_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V func_146425_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;Lady;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F b (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F c (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F d (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot; e (Laxq;)Laxq$b;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$400 ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; f (Laxq;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146430_p ()Z func_146430_p ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/setDoneWorking ()V func_146586_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/setLoadingProgress (I)V func_73718_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73720_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73721_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73719_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setGuiSize (II)V func_183500_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V func_146273_a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setWorldAndResolution (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146280_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleComponentClick (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Z func_175276_a (Leu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleComponentHover (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;II)V func_175272_a (Leu;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawCreativeTabHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;II)V func_146279_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setText (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_175274_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/openWebLink (Ljava/net/URI;)V func_175282_a (Ljava/net/URI;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawHoveringText (Ljava/util/List;II)V func_146283_a (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_146285_a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/onResize (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_175273_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_175281_b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawWorldBackground (I)V func_146270_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawDefaultBackground ()V func_146276_q_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawBackground (I)V func_146278_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlX (I)Z func_175277_d (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlV (I)Z func_175279_e (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setClipboardString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146275_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlC (I)Z func_175280_f (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175275_f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlA (I)Z func_175278_g (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleKeyboardInput ()V func_146282_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/getClipboardString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_146277_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleInput ()V func_146269_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isCtrlKeyDown ()Z func_146271_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isShiftKeyDown ()Z func_146272_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isAltKeyDown ()Z func_175283_s ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/addWorldSelectionButtons ()V func_146618_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/makeDeleteWorldYesNo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback;Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo; func_152129_a (Lawx;Ljava/lang/String;I)Lawy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/util/List; a (Laxv;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;I)I a (Laxv;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146621_a (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_146621_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)I b (Laxv;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; c (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; d (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; e (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/loadLevelList ()V func_146627_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; f (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/lang/String; g (Laxv;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146614_d (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_146614_d (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/text/DateFormat; h (Laxv;)Ljava/text/DateFormat;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146615_e (I)V func_146615_e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/lang/String; i (Laxv;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)[Ljava/lang/String; j (Laxv;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/func_146595_g ()V func_146595_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts; a (Laxx$a;)Lwo;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Laxx;Lwo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/func_175358_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Ljava/lang/String; func_175358_a (Lwo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper;)Ljava/util/List; a (Laxy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper;)Ljava/util/List; b (Laxy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mouseReleased (II)V func_146118_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V func_146113_a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/getHoverState (Z)I func_146114_a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146119_b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z func_146116_c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; a (Laxz;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/getSoundVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)Ljava/lang/String; func_146504_a (Lbpg;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/func_183501_a ()Z func_183501_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/rotateAndBlurSkybox (F)V func_73968_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/addSingleplayerMultiplayerButtons (II)V func_73969_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/drawPanorama (IIF)V func_73970_b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/addDemoButtons (II)V func_73972_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/renderSkybox (IIF)V func_73971_c (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/switchToRealms ()V func_140005_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/sendRespawnPacket ()V func_146574_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/drawWinGameScreen (IIF)V func_146575_b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/updateAchievementWindow ()V func_146254_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/displayAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)V func_146256_a (Lmq;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/clearAchievements ()V func_146257_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/displayUnformattedAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)V func_146255_b (Lmq;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/updateAchievementWindowScale ()V func_146258_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/doneLoading ()V func_146509_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/func_175371_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_175371_a (Lafh;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawAchievementScreen (IIF)V func_146552_b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawTitle ()V func_146553_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;)I a (Lmu;Lmu;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V func_148129_a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;)I a (Lmu;Lmu;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V func_148129_a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/getContentHeight ()I func_148138_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148132_a (II)V func_148132_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V func_148129_a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148213_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;II)V func_148213_a (Lmu;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148209_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;IIZ)V func_148209_a (Lmw;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148142_b (II)V func_148142_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148211_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting; func_148211_c (I)Lmu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148212_h (I)V func_148212_h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doneLoading ()V func_146509_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawStatsScreen (IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V func_146521_a (IILzw;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; a (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIII)V a (Layf;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIIIII)V a (Layf;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (Layf;IILzw;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawButtonBackground (II)V func_146531_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter; b (Layf;)Lnb;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIIIII)V b (Layf;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawSprite (IIII)V func_146527_c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; d (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; e (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/func_175366_f ()V func_175366_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; f (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/createButtons ()V func_146541_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; g (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; h (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; i (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; j (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; k (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; l (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; m (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; n (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; o (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; p (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; q (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; r (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; s (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter/doneLoading ()V func_146509_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Layi;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls; b (Layi;)Layj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)I c (Layi;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/updateDragSplitting ()V func_146980_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V func_146273_a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)V func_146977_a (Lyg;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isMouseOverSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;II)Z func_146981_a (Lyg;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/handleMouseClick (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;III)V func_146984_a (Lyg;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IILjava/lang/String;)V func_146982_a (Lzx;IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/checkHotbarKeys (I)Z func_146983_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/getSlotAtPosition (II)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; func_146975_c (II)Lyg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isPointInRegion (IIIIII)Z func_146978_c (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z func_73868_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/renameItem ()V func_147090_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V func_71112_a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71111_a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V func_71110_a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_175173_a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$CancelButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V func_146111_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V func_146111_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V func_146111_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/func_146140_b (Z)V func_146140_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/func_146141_c ()Z func_146141_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V b (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V c (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/handleComponentClick (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Z func_175276_a (Leu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageSetCurrent (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146457_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/sendBookToServer (Z)V func_146462_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTypedInBook (CI)V func_146463_b (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/func_175385_b (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_175385_b (II)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageInsertIntoCurrent (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146459_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTypedInTitle (CI)V func_146460_c (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateButtons ()V func_146464_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/addNewPage ()V func_146461_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageGetCurrent ()Ljava/lang/String; func_146456_p ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/func_175388_a ()V func_175388_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V func_71112_a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71111_a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V func_71110_a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_175173_a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/scrollTo (F)V func_148329_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/retrySlotClick (IIZLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75133_b (IIZLwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94530_a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canDragIntoSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94531_b (Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/func_148328_e ()Z func_148328_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75209_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; a (Layu$b;)Lyg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/isHere (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Z func_75217_a (Log;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_178170_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178171_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75211_c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/putStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75215_d (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getHasStack ()Z func_75216_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/onSlotChanged ()V func_75218_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateActivePotionEffects ()V func_175378_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/handleMouseClick (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;III)V func_146984_a (Lyg;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/func_147051_a (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)V func_147051_a (Lyz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/func_147049_a (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;II)Z func_147049_a (Lyz;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_146285_a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/setCurrentCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)V func_147050_b (Lyz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/renderCreativeInventoryHoveringText (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;II)Z func_147052_b (Lyz;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/getSelectedTabIndex ()I func_147056_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic; g ()Loq;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateCreativeSearch ()V func_147053_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/needsScrollBars ()Z func_147055_p ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/updateActivePotionEffects ()V func_175378_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/drawActivePotionEffects ()V func_147044_g ()V
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts; func_178176_a ()Layx;
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/reseedRandomGenerator (J)V func_148335_a (J)V
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/generateNewRandomName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148334_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/func_147068_g ()V func_147068_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/getCookProgressScaled (I)I func_175381_h (I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/getBurnLeftScaled (I)I func_175382_i (I)I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawEntityOnScreen (IIIFFLnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_147046_a (IIIFFLpr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant$MerchantButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V func_146112_a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/getMerchant ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant; func_147035_g ()Lacy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V func_146976_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V func_146979_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; f ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/createButtons ()V func_146794_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/keyTyped (CI)V func_73869_a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175392_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;I)Z func_175392_a (Lazk;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175391_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;IZ)V func_175391_a (Lazk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/connectToServer (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_146791_a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/setHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_146793_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/selectServer (I)V func_146790_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175394_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;I)Z func_175394_b (Lazk;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175393_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;IZ)V func_175393_b (Lazk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/updateScreen ()V func_73876_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/connectToSelected ()V func_146796_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/getOldServerPinger ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger; func_146789_i ()Lbdg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/getServerList ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList; func_146795_p ()Lbdf;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/refreshServerList ()V func_146792_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/getLanServer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer; func_148289_a ()Lbpq$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/getServerData ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; func_148296_a ()Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/drawTextureAt (IILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_178012_a (IILjy;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; a (Lazk;)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/func_178013_b ()Z func_178013_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer; b (Lazk;)Lazh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/prepareServerIcon ()V func_148297_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148195_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList;)V func_148195_a (Lbdf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148194_a (Ljava/util/List;)V func_148194_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/setSelectedSlotIndex (I)V func_148192_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148193_k ()I func_148193_k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getAvailableResourcePacks ()Ljava/util/List; func_146964_g ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/mouseClicked (III)V func_73864_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/hasResourcePackEntry (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry;)Z func_146961_a (Lazp;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/mouseReleased (III)V func_146286_b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getListContaining (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry;)Ljava/util/List; func_146962_b (Lazp;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getSelectedResourcePacks ()Ljava/util/List; func_146963_h ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/markChanged ()V func_175288_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry$1/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_183019_a ()I func_183019_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/setSelected (III)V func_178011_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z func_148278_a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V func_180790_a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V func_148277_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148313_c ()V func_148313_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148310_d ()Z func_148310_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148309_e ()Z func_148309_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148308_f ()Z func_148308_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148314_g ()Z func_148314_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148307_h ()Z func_148307_h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_183019_a ()I func_183019_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148313_c ()V func_148313_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148310_d ()Z func_148310_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148309_e ()Z func_148309_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148308_f ()Z func_148308_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148314_g ()Z func_148314_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148307_h ()Z func_148307_h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_183019_a ()I func_183019_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148313_c ()V func_148313_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148318_i ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry; func_148318_i ()Lbnm$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackAvailable/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148202_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V func_148129_a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListWidth ()I func_148139_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry; func_148180_b (I)Lazp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148202_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getList ()Ljava/util/List; func_148201_l ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackSelected/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148202_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/drawBackground ()V func_148123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/isSelected (I)Z func_148131_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/drawSlot (IIIIII)V func_180791_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/elementClicked (IZII)V func_148144_a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/getSize ()I func_148127_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/getScrollBarX ()I func_148137_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; a (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; b (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; d (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; e (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; f (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; g (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; h (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/handleMouseInput ()V func_146274_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71501_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/saveToFile (Ljava/io/File;)Z func_147149_a (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCategory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; func_85058_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCategoryDepth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; func_85057_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getSectionsInStringBuilder (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V func_71506_a (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCrashReport (Ljava/lang/Throwable;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_85055_a (Ljava/lang/Throwable;Ljava/lang/String;)Lb;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCrashCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; func_71505_b ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCauseStackTraceOrString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71498_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCompleteReport ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71502_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getFile ()Ljava/io/File; func_71497_f ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; func_85056_g ()Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/populateEnvironment ()V func_71504_g ()V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getWittyComment ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71503_h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/func_152561_a ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152561_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/func_152559_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152559_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason; values ()[Lbaa$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/func_152321_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V func_152321_a (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/func_152320_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152320_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/onGuiClosed ()V func_146281_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/drawScreen (IIF)V func_73863_a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V func_146284_a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152328_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream;)Ljava/util/List; func_152328_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;Lbqm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152329_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserMode;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152329_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserMode;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152330_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserSubscription;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152330_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserSubscription;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/initGui ()V func_73866_w_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178670_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178642_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_178642_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178643_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; func_178643_a (I)Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/access$112 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;I)I a (Lbaf;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178647_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView;)V func_178647_a (Lbag;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178645_b ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; func_178645_b ()Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178644_b (I)V func_178644_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178650_c ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView; func_178650_c ()Lbag;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178641_d ()V func_178641_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178648_e ()I func_178648_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178646_f ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails; func_178646_f ()Lbaj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178670_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuRecipient/func_175257_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_175257_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/func_178680_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; func_178680_a (I)Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/func_178681_b ()I func_178681_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)I a (Lbdc;Lbdc;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178670_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178664_z_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178662_A_ ()Z func_178662_A_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178663_a (FI)V func_178663_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V func_178661_a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178670_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStandArmor/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/postRenderArm (F)V func_178718_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/renderBanner ()V func_178687_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/renderAll ()V func_78231_a ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/func_178706_a ()I func_178706_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/updateHorseRotation (FFF)F func_110683_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/setBoxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;FFF)V func_110682_a (Lbct;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/postRenderArm (F)V func_178718_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setModelAttributes (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;)V func_178686_a (Lbbo;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setInvisible (Z)V func_178719_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setModelAttributes (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;)V func_178686_a (Lbbo;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/copyModelAngles (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;)V func_178685_a (Lbct;Lbct;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/getTextureOffset (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset; func_78084_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbcu;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setTextureOffset (Ljava/lang/String;II)V func_78085_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/getRandomModelBox (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_85181_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderRightArm ()V func_178725_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/postRenderArm (F)V func_178718_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/setInvisible (Z)V func_178719_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderLeftArm ()V func_178726_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderDeadmau5Head (F)V func_178727_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderCape (F)V func_178728_c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/flipFace ()V func_78235_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;F)V func_178765_a (Lbfd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setRotationOffset (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;FFF)V func_178691_a (Lbct;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/renderSign ()V func_78164_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; func_147189_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lauk;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_147184_a (Z)Ljava/util/List; func_147184_a (Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175780_b (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_175780_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addObjective (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147193_c (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147185_d (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; func_147192_d ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listObjectives (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)V func_147196_d (Lm;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setTeamOption (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147200_e (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175782_e ()Ljava/util/List; func_175782_e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; func_147183_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/removeTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147194_f (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listTeams (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147186_g (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/joinTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147190_h (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/removeObjective (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147191_h (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/leaveTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147199_i (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/emptyTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147188_j (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setObjectiveDisplay (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147198_k (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147195_l (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147197_m (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/resetPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_147187_n (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175779_n (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_175779_n (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175781_o (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_175781_o (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175778_p (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_175778_p (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/setTexturePosition (FF)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex; func_78240_a (FF)Lbcg;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/func_78172_a (FF)F func_78172_a (FF)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombieVillager/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombie/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78087_a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/updateRotations (D)F func_78214_a (D)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_78086_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_78088_a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/render (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;F)V func_178780_a (Lbfd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/setBoxName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox; func_78244_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbcr;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/render (F)V func_78785_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setRotationPoint (FFF)V func_78793_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_78789_a (FFFIII)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIIIF)V func_78790_a (FFFIIIF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIIIZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_178769_a (FFFIIIZ)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setTextureOffset (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_78784_a (II)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addChild (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;)V func_78792_a (Lbct;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (Ljava/lang/String;FFFIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_78786_a (Ljava/lang/String;FFFIII)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/renderWithRotation (F)V func_78791_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setTextureSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; func_78787_b (II)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/postRender (F)V func_78794_c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/compileDisplayList (F)V func_78788_d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lbcx;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleLoginSuccess (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess;)V func_147390_a (Ljg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleEncryptionRequest (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest;)V func_147389_a (Ljh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleEnableCompression (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression;)V func_180464_a (Lji;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect;)V func_147388_a (Ljj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/getSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; func_147391_c ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1/confirmClicked (ZI)V func_73878_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getNetworkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; func_147298_b ()Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lbcy;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Lbcy;Lave;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/addToSendQueue (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_147297_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerPosLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook;)V func_147258_a (Lfi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnObject (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject;)V func_147235_a (Lfk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnExperienceOrb (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb;)V func_147286_a (Lfl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnGlobalEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity;)V func_147292_a (Lfm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnMob (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob;)V func_147281_a (Lfn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPainting (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting;)V func_147288_a (Lfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer;)V func_147237_a (Lfp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation;)V func_147279_a (Lfq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleStatistics (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics;)V func_147293_a (Lfr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockBreakAnim (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim;)V func_147294_a (Lfs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity;)V func_147273_a (Lft;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction;)V func_147261_a (Lfu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange;)V func_147234_a (Lfv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleServerDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty;)V func_175101_a (Lfw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete;)V func_147274_a (Lfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChat (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat;)V func_147251_a (Lfy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMultiBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)V func_147287_a (Lfz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction;)V func_147239_a (Lga;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow;)V func_147276_a (Lgb;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleOpenWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow;)V func_147265_a (Lgc;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowItems (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems;)V func_147241_a (Lgd;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowProperty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty;)V func_147245_a (Lge;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetSlot (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot;)V func_147266_a (Lgf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCustomPayload (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload;)V func_147240_a (Lgg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect;)V func_147253_a (Lgh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus;)V func_147236_a (Lgi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT;)V func_175097_a (Lgj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion;)V func_147283_a (Lgk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetCompressionLevel (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel;)V func_175100_a (Lgl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChangeGameState (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState;)V func_147252_a (Lgm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive;)V func_147272_a (Lgn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData;)V func_147263_a (Lgo;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMapChunkBulk (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk;)V func_147269_a (Lgp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect;)V func_147277_a (Lgq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleParticles (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles;)V func_147289_a (Lgr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSoundEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect;)V func_147255_a (Lgs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleJoinGame (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame;)V func_147282_a (Lgt;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMaps (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps;)V func_147264_a (Lgu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMovement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity;)V func_147259_a (Lgv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSignEditorOpen (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen;)V func_147268_a (Lgw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities;)V func_147270_a (Lgx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCombatEvent (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent;)V func_175098_a (Lgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem;)V func_147256_a (Lgz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUseBed (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed;)V func_147278_a (Lha;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDestroyEntities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities;)V func_147238_a (Lhb;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleRemoveEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect;)V func_147262_a (Lhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend;)V func_175095_a (Lhd;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleRespawn (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn;)V func_147280_a (Lhe;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityHeadLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook;)V func_147267_a (Lhf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder;)V func_175093_a (Lhg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCamera (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera;)V func_175094_a (Lhh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange;)V func_147257_a (Lhi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisplayScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard;)V func_147254_a (Lhj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata;)V func_147284_a (Lhk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityAttach (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach;)V func_147243_a (Lhl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityVelocity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity;)V func_147244_a (Lhm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEquipment (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment;)V func_147242_a (Lhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetExperience (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience;)V func_147295_a (Lho;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateHealth (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth;)V func_147249_a (Lhp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleScoreboardObjective (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective;)V func_147291_a (Lhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTeams (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams;)V func_147247_a (Lhr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateScore (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore;)V func_147250_a (Lhs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition;)V func_147271_a (Lht;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTimeUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate;)V func_147285_a (Lhu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTitle (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle;)V func_175099_a (Lhv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign;)V func_147248_a (Lhw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListHeaderFooter (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter;)V func_175096_a (Lhx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCollectItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem;)V func_147246_a (Lhy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityTeleport (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport;)V func_147275_a (Lhz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityProperties (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties;)V func_147290_a (Lia;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect;)V func_147260_a (Lib;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; func_175104_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfo (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; func_175102_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/cleanup ()V func_147296_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; b (Lbcy;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfoMap ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_175106_d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_175105_e ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/unloadChunk (II)V func_73234_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/loadChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73158_c (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152372_a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isSpectator ()Z func_78747_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendEnchantPacket (II)V func_78756_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/windowClick (IIIILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_78753_a (IIIILwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/func_178892_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter;)Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP; func_178892_a (Ladm;Lnb;)Lbew;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_78746_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/clickBlockCreative (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_178891_a (Lave;Lbda;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_178890_a (Lbew;Lbdb;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isHittingPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_178893_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerDestroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_178888_a (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/setPlayerCapabilities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_78748_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_78769_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/attackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_78764_a (Lwn;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isPlayerRightClickingOnEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)Z func_178894_a (Lwn;Lpk;Lauh;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendPacketDropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_78752_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendSlotPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_78761_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/shouldDrawHUD ()Z func_78755_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/clickBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180511_b (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/flipPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_78745_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/interactWithEntitySendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_78768_b (Lwn;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/resetBlockRemoving ()V func_78767_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerDamageBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180512_c (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onStoppedUsingItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_78766_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getBlockReachDistance ()F func_78757_d ()F
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/updateController ()V func_78765_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/gameIsSurvivalOrAdventure ()Z func_78763_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isNotCreative ()Z func_78762_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isInCreativeMode ()Z func_78758_h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/extendedReach ()Z func_78749_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isRidingHorse ()Z func_110738_j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isSpectatorMode ()Z func_178887_k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getCurrentGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_178889_l ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getIsHittingBlock ()Z func_181040_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/syncCurrentPlayItem ()V func_78750_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/sendQuittingDisconnectingPacket ()V func_72882_A ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeAllEntities ()V func_73022_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/makeFireworks (DDDDDDLnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_92088_a (DDDDDDLdn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/playSound (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V func_72980_b (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/getEntityByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_73045_a (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/invalidateBlockReceiveRegion (IIIIII)V func_73031_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/addEntityToWorld (ILnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_73027_a (ILpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/setWorldScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;)V func_96443_a (Lauo;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/addWorldInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; func_72914_a (Lb;)Lc;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Ljava/util/Set; a (Lbdb;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/playSoundAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/String;FFZ)V func_175731_a (Lcj;Ljava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72923_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/doVoidFogParticles (III)V func_73029_E (III)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/doPreChunk (IIZ)V func_73025_a (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/setWorldTime (J)V func_72877_b (J)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Ljava/util/Set; b (Lbdb;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/invalidateRegionAndSetBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_180503_b (Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72847_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/tick ()V func_72835_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; c (Lbdb;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/spawnEntityInWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72838_d (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeEntityFromWorld (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_73028_b (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72900_e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/updateBlocks ()V func_147456_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_72970_h ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/updateWeather ()V func_72979_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I func_152379_p ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$1/skinAvailable (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V func_180521_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Ljy;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_178845_a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setResponseTime (I)V func_178838_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178846_a (J)V func_178846_a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_178839_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbdc;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbdc;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lbdc;Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_178859_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_178848_b ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178836_b (I)V func_178836_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178844_b (J)V func_178844_b (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lbdc;Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getResponseTime ()I func_178853_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178857_c (I)V func_178857_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178843_c (J)V func_178843_c (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/hasLocationSkin ()Z func_178856_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getSkinType ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178851_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getLocationSkin ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178837_g ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getLocationCape ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178861_h ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getPlayerTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; func_178850_i ()Laul;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/loadPlayerTextures ()V func_178841_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_178854_k ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178835_l ()I func_178835_l ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178860_m ()I func_178860_m ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178847_n ()J func_178847_n ()J
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178858_o ()J func_178858_o ()J
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178855_p ()J func_178855_p ()J
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getIP ()Ljava/lang/String; func_78861_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/fromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress; func_78860_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbdd;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_78862_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getPort ()I func_78864_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getServerAddress (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; func_78863_b (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/getMotd ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152589_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode; values ()[Lbde$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getNBTCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_78836_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/setResourceMode (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode;)V func_152584_a (Lbde$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/copyFrom (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_152583_a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getServerDataFromNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; func_78837_a (Ldn;)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/setBase64EncodedIconData (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147407_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getResourceMode ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode; func_152586_b ()Lbde$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getBase64EncodedIconData ()Ljava/lang/String; func_147409_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/isOnLAN ()Z func_181041_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/loadServerList ()V func_78853_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/getServerData (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; func_78850_a (I)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/swapServers (II)V func_78857_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/func_147413_a (ILnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_147413_a (ILbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/addServerData (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_78849_a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/saveServerList ()V func_78855_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/removeServerData (I)V func_78851_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/func_147414_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_147414_b (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/countServers ()I func_78856_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V func_147398_a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V func_147397_a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/pingPendingNetworks ()V func_147223_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/ping (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_147224_a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbdg;Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/clearPendingNetworks ()V func_147226_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/tryCompatibilityPing (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V func_147225_b (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; c ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$200 ()Lcom/google/common/base/Splitter; d ()Lcom/google/common/base/Splitter;
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SlimeFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SnowballFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$MagicFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$LavaFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$WaterFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX$EnchantmentTable/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$OverlayFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70046_E ()Laug;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setColour (I)V func_92044_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setTrail (Z)V func_92045_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setFadeColour (I)V func_92046_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setTwinkle (Z)V func_92043_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createParticle (DDDDDD[I[IZZ)V func_92034_a (DDDDDD[I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createBall (DI[I[IZZ)V func_92035_a (DI[I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createShaped (D[[D[I[IZZZ)V func_92038_a (D[[D[I[IZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createBurst ([I[IZZ)V func_92036_a ([I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/func_92037_i ()Z func_92037_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$AngryVillagerFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCritFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/multiplyVelocity (F)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_70543_e (F)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_180435_a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getRedColorF ()F func_70534_d ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setRBGColorF (FFF)V func_70538_b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getGreenColorF ()F func_70542_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/multipleParticleScaleBy (F)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_70541_f (F)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getBlueColorF ()F func_70535_g ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setAlphaF (F)V func_82338_g (F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getAlpha ()F func_174838_j ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/nextTextureIndexX ()V func_94053_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setParticleTextureIndex (I)V func_70536_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffects ()V func_78868_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffectLayer (I)V func_178922_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/spawnEffectParticle (IDDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178927_a (IDDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/registerParticle (ILnet/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory;)V func_178929_a (ILbed;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/clearEffects (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_78870_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addEffect (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V func_78873_a (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;II)V func_178924_a (Lbeb;II)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addBlockDestroyEffects (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180533_a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addBlockHitEffects (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_180532_a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffectAlphaLayer (Ljava/util/List;)V func_178925_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderParticles (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_78874_a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/emitParticleAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;)V func_178926_a (Lpk;Lcy;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/getStatistics ()Ljava/lang/String; func_78869_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToAlphaLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V func_178928_b (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderLitParticles (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_78872_b (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/registerVanillaParticles ()V func_178930_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToNoAlphaLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V func_178931_c (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/tickParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V func_178923_d (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$AmbientMobFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$InstantFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$MobFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$WitchFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/setBaseSpellTextureIndex (I)V func_70589_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySplashFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$HappyVillagerFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBlockDustFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/setBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX; func_174846_a (Lcj;)Lbeo;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/func_174845_l ()Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX; func_174845_l ()Lbeo;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/getFXLayer ()I func_70537_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V func_180434_a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_178902_a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/hasPlayerInfo ()Z func_152122_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getDownloadImageSkin (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData; func_110304_a (Ljy;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbma;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getPlayerInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; func_175155_b ()Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationSkin (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110311_f (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/hasSkin ()Z func_152123_o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationSkin ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110306_p ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationCape ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110303_q ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getSkinType ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175154_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getFovModifier ()F func_175156_o ()F
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/isSpectator ()Z func_175149_v ()Z
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/updatePlayerMoveState ()V func_78898_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions/updatePlayerMoveState ()V func_78898_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isCurrentViewEntity ()Z func_175160_A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setXPStats (FII)V func_71152_a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V func_180472_a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/openEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic;)V func_146095_a (Ladc;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V func_175141_a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V func_85030_a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_71064_a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_71007_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V func_180468_a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70078_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_110298_a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/joinEntityItemWithWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V func_71012_a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71048_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/dropOneItem (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_71040_bB (Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isSneaking ()Z func_70093_af ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_146105_b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71009_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/updateEntityActionState ()V func_70626_be ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isServerWorld ()Z func_70613_aW ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/swingItem ()V func_71038_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71047_c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/respawnPlayer ()V func_71004_bE ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isUser ()Z func_175144_cb ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V func_70665_d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setSprinting (Z)V func_70031_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isOpenBlockSpace (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175162_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71165_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setClientBrand (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175158_f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/heal (F)V func_70691_i (F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/pushOutOfBlocks (DDD)Z func_145771_j (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/closeScreen ()V func_71053_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setPlayerSPHealth (F)V func_71150_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onUpdateWalkingPlayer ()V func_175161_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/closeScreenAndDropStack ()V func_175159_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendHorseJump ()V func_110318_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendPlayerAbilities ()V func_71016_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendHorseInventory ()V func_175163_u ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getClientBrand ()Ljava/lang/String; func_142021_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getStatFileWriter ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter; func_146107_m ()Lnb;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isRidingHorse ()Z func_110317_t ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getHorseJumpPower ()F func_110319_bJ ()F
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V func_174892_a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_174891_i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/isLocked ()Z func_174893_q_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/setBossStatus (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData;Z)V func_82824_a (Luc;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Integer;Ljava/lang/Integer;)I a (Ljava/lang/Integer;Ljava/lang/Integer;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getRawBuffer ()[I func_179013_a ()[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getVertexCount ()I func_179014_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; func_179016_d ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexState ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State; func_181672_a ()Lbfd$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181673_a (DD)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putPosition (DDD)V func_178987_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/sortVertexData (FFF)V func_181674_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181666_a (FFFF)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorMultiplier (FFFI)V func_178978_a (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColor4 (I)V func_178968_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/lightmap (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181671_a (II)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putBrightness4 (IIII)V func_178962_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGBA (IIIII)V func_178972_a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/begin (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)V func_181668_a (ILbmu;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/setVertexState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V func_178993_a (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getDistanceSq (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;FFFII)F func_181665_a (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;FFFII)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/addVertexData ([I)V func_178981_a ([I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/reset ()V func_178965_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/pos (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181662_b (DDD)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putNormal (FFF)V func_178975_e (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGB_F (FFFI)V func_178994_b (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/growBuffer (I)V func_181670_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColor (II)V func_178988_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181669_b (IIII)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/noColor ()V func_78914_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/setTranslation (DDD)V func_178969_c (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_181663_c (FFF)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getColorIndex (I)I func_78909_a (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/endVertex ()V func_181675_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGB_F4 (FFF)V func_178990_f (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/finishDrawing ()V func_178977_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getByteBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; func_178966_f ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; func_178973_g ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexCount ()I func_178989_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getDrawMode ()I func_178979_i ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getBufferSize ()I func_181664_j ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/nextVertexFormatIndex ()V func_181667_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V func_181679_a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I func_175626_b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getBlockStateRaw (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175631_c (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getPositionIndex (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_175630_e (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180495_p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_175625_s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/getWorldRendererByLayerId (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_179039_a (I)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/getWorldRendererByLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_179038_a (Ladf;)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/initialize (DDD)V func_178004_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178001_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/preRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)V func_178003_a (Lbht;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/addRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178002_a (Lbht;Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/renderByItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_179022_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/getVertexInformation (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation; func_179025_a (I)Lbfj$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/getFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection; func_179027_a (Lcq;)Lbfj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection; values ()[Lbfj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/isShaderActive ()Z func_147702_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getMouseOver (F)V func_78473_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setFogColorBuffer (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; func_78469_a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupCameraTransform (FI)V func_78479_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateCameraAndRender (FJ)V func_181560_a (FJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getFOVModifier (FZ)F func_78481_a (FZ)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupFog (IF)V func_78468_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorldPass (IFJ)V func_175068_a (IFJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateShaderGroupSize (II)V func_147704_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Lbfk;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderCloudsCheck (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;FI)V func_180437_a (Lbfr;FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/loadShader (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_175069_a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/loadEntityShader (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_175066_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getNightVisionBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_180438_a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/stopUseShader ()V func_181022_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderStreamIndicator (F)V func_152430_c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderHand (FI)V func_78476_b (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorld (FJ)V func_78471_a (FJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/switchUseShader ()V func_175071_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderRainSnow (F)V func_78474_d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/activateNextShader ()V func_147705_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/hurtCameraEffect (F)V func_78482_e (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateRenderer ()V func_78464_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupViewBobbing (F)V func_78475_f (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getShaderGroup ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup; func_147706_e ()Lblr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/orientCamera (F)V func_78467_g (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateLightmap (F)V func_78472_g (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/disableLightmap ()V func_175072_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorldDirections (F)V func_175067_i (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/enableLightmap ()V func_180436_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateFogColor (F)V func_78466_h (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupOverlayRendering ()V func_78478_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getMapItemRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer; func_147701_i ()Lavq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateFovModifierHand ()V func_78477_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateTorchFlicker ()V func_78470_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/isDrawBlockOutline ()Z func_175070_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/addRainParticles ()V func_78484_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setDisabled ()V func_179198_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setState (Z)V func_179199_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setEnabled ()V func_179200_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen; values ()[Lbfl$o;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableNormalize ()V func_179133_A ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableRescaleNormal ()V func_179091_B ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableRescaleNormal ()V func_179101_C ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/loadIdentity ()V func_179096_D ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/pushMatrix ()V func_179094_E ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/popMatrix ()V func_179121_F ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/resetColor ()V func_179117_G ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/pushAttrib ()V func_179123_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearDepth (D)V func_179151_a (D)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/scale (DDD)V func_179139_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/ortho (DDDDDD)V func_179130_a (DDDDDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogDensity (F)V func_179095_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/doPolygonOffset (FF)V func_179136_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/scale (FFF)V func_179152_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearColor (FFFF)V func_179082_a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableLight (I)V func_179085_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/alphaFunc (IF)V func_179092_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaterial (II)V func_179104_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/tryBlendFuncSeparate (IIII)V func_179120_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/getFloat (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_179111_a (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableTexGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)V func_179087_a (Lbfl$o;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;I)V func_179149_a (Lbfl$o;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_179105_a (Lbfl$o;ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/multMatrix (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_179110_a (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthMask (Z)V func_179132_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMask (ZZZZ)V func_179135_a (ZZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/popAttrib ()V func_179099_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/translate (DDD)V func_179137_b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogStart (F)V func_179102_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/translate (FFF)V func_179109_b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/rotate (FFFF)V func_179114_b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableLight (I)V func_179122_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/blendFunc (II)V func_179112_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/viewport (IIII)V func_179083_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableTexGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)V func_179100_b (Lbfl$o;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableAlpha ()V func_179118_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogEnd (F)V func_179153_c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/color (FFF)V func_179124_c (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/color (FFFF)V func_179131_c (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthFunc (I)V func_179143_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord; func_179125_c (Lbfl$o;)Lbfl$p;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableAlpha ()V func_179141_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFog (I)V func_179093_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableLighting ()V func_179145_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/cullFace (I)V func_179107_e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableLighting ()V func_179140_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorLogicOp (I)V func_179116_f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableColorMaterial ()V func_179142_g ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setActiveTexture (I)V func_179138_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableColorMaterial ()V func_179119_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/deleteTexture (I)V func_179150_h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableDepth ()V func_179097_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/bindTexture (I)V func_179144_i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableDepth ()V func_179126_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/shadeModel (I)V func_179103_j (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableBlend ()V func_179084_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableBlend ()V func_179147_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableFog ()V func_179127_m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clear (I)V func_179086_m (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableFog ()V func_179106_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/matrixMode (I)V func_179128_n (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableCull ()V func_179089_o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/callList (I)V func_179148_o (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableCull ()V func_179129_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enablePolygonOffset ()V func_179088_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disablePolygonOffset ()V func_179113_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableColorLogic ()V func_179115_u ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableColorLogic ()V func_179134_v ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableTexture2D ()V func_179098_w ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableTexture2D ()V func_179090_x ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/generateTexture ()I func_179146_y ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableNormalize ()V func_179108_z ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer/skinAvailable ()V func_152634_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_78432_a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/updateEquippedItem ()V func_78441_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItemInFirstPerson (F)V func_78440_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/rotateArroundXAndY (FF)V func_178101_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doBowTransformations (FLnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_178098_a (FLbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderBlockInHand (FLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_178108_a (FLbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/isBlockTranslucent (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_178107_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/setLightMapFromPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_178109_a (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/performDrinking (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;F)V func_178104_a (Lbet;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderPlayerArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FF)V func_178095_a (Lbet;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItemMap (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFF)V func_178097_a (Lbet;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/rotateWithPlayerRotations (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP;F)V func_178110_a (Lbew;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderRightArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer;)V func_180534_a (Lbln;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V func_178099_a (Lpr;Lzx;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/resetEquippedProgress ()V func_78444_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderOverlays (F)V func_78447_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/transformFirstPersonItem (FF)V func_178096_b (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderPlayerArms (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_178102_b (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderLeftArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer;)V func_178106_b (Lbln;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/resetEquippedProgress2 ()V func_78445_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/getMapAngleFromPitch (F)F func_178100_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doBlockTransformations ()V func_178103_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doItemUsedTransformations (F)V func_178105_d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderWaterOverlayTexture (F)V func_78448_c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderFireInFirstPerson (F)V func_78442_d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getModelManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager; func_178083_a ()Lbou;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_178082_a (Lzw;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_178087_a (Lzw;I)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/register (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)V func_178086_a (Lzw;ILbov;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/register (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition;)V func_178080_a (Lzw;Lbfp;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_178089_a (Lzx;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/rebuildCache ()V func_178085_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_178088_b (Lzw;I)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_178084_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getIndex (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)I func_178081_c (Lzw;I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/loadRenderers ()V func_72712_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/fixTerrainFrustum (DDD)V func_174984_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/hasCloudFog (DDDF)Z func_72721_a (DDDF)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSky (FI)V func_174976_a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/createBindEntityOutlineFbs (II)V func_72720_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V func_147585_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180440_a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V func_180442_a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateChunks (J)V func_174967_a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderBlockLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_174982_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderBlockLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;DILnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I func_174977_a (Ladf;DILpk;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawSelectionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)V func_181561_a (Laug;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawOutlinedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;IIII)V func_181563_a (Laug;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setWorldAndLoadRenderers (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)V func_72732_a (Lbdb;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderStars (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V func_180444_a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSky (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;FZ)V func_174968_a (Lbfd;FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawBlockDamageTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_174981_a (Lbfx;Lbfd;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174960_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/isPositionInRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z func_174983_a (Lcj;Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getRenderChunkOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_181562_a (Lcj;Lbht;Lcq;)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDDDD[I)V func_174972_a (Lcy;DDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_72704_a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174961_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateTileEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_181023_a (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/cleanupDamagedBlocks (Ljava/util/Iterator;)V func_174965_a (Ljava/util/Iterator;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72703_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getViewVector (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; func_174962_a (Lpk;D)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setupTerrain (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;IZ)V func_174970_a (Lpk;DLbia;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_180449_a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;F)V func_180446_a (Lpk;Lbia;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180439_a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawSelectionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;IF)V func_72731_b (Lwn;Lauh;IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_85102_a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/makeEntityOutlineShader ()V func_174966_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderClouds (FI)V func_180447_b (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlocksForUpdate (IIIIII)V func_72725_b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180441_b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnEntityFX (IZDDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; func_174974_b (IZDDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174959_b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72709_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntityOutlineFramebuffer ()V func_174975_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderCloudsFancy (FI)V func_180445_c (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getVisibleFacings (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; func_174978_c (Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/isRenderEntityOutlines ()Z func_174985_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/stopChunkUpdates ()V func_174986_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getDebugInfoRenders ()Ljava/lang/String; func_72735_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getDebugInfoEntities ()Ljava/lang/String; func_72723_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateClouds ()V func_72734_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/deleteAllDisplayLists ()V func_72728_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setDisplayListEntitiesDirty ()V func_174979_m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateDestroyBlockIcons ()V func_174971_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateSky2 ()V func_174964_o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateSky ()V func_174980_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateStars ()V func_174963_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSkyEnd ()V func_180448_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/preRenderDamagedBlocks ()V func_180443_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/postRenderDamagedBlocks ()V func_174969_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/skinAvailable ()V func_152634_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/setAreaTransparent (IIII)V func_78434_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_78432_a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/setAreaOpaque (IIII)V func_78433_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/hasTransparency (IIII)Z func_78435_c (IIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderList/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178001_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/deleteFramebuffer ()V func_147608_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/setFramebufferColor (FFFF)V func_147604_a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/setFramebufferFilter (I)V func_147607_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/createBindFramebuffer (II)V func_147613_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferRenderExt (IIZ)V func_178038_a (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/bindFramebuffer (Z)V func_147610_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/checkFramebufferComplete ()V func_147611_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/createFramebuffer (II)V func_147605_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/bindFramebufferTexture ()V func_147612_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferRender (II)V func_147615_c (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/unbindFramebufferTexture ()V func_147606_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/unbindFramebuffer ()V func_147609_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferClear ()V func_147614_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator; func_178181_a ()Lbfx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/draw ()V func_78381_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/getWorldRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; func_178180_c ()Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList/setupArrayPointers ()V func_178010_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178001_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V func_181679_a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/setVertexBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer;)V func_178178_a (Lbmt;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/deleteGlResources ()V func_178160_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/updateChunkPositions (DD)V func_178163_a (DD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/setCountChunksXYZ (I)V func_178159_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/func_178157_a (III)I func_178157_a (III)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/markBlocksForUpdate (IIIIII)V func_178162_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/createRenderChunks (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory;)V func_178158_a (Lbhu;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/getRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_178161_a (Lcj;)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChestRenderer/renderChestBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;F)V func_178175_a (Lafh;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$1/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$2/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$3/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$4/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$5/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$6/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$7/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getBlockStateMapper ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper; func_178120_a ()Lbgv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerBlockWithStateMapper (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper;)V func_178121_a (Lafh;Lbgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getTexture (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_178122_a (Lalz;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerBuiltInBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_178123_a ([Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getModelManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager; func_178126_b ()Lbou;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getModelForState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_178125_b (Lalz;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/reloadModels ()V func_178124_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerAllBlocks ()V func_178119_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBlockModelShapes ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes; func_175023_a ()Lbgc;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/isRenderTypeChest (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)Z func_175021_a (Lafh;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlockBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)V func_175016_a (Lalz;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getModelFromBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_175022_a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBakedModel (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_175017_a (Lalz;Lcj;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z func_175018_a (Lalz;Lcj;Ladq;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlockDamage (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;)V func_175020_a (Lalz;Lcj;Lbmi;Ladq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBlockModelRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer; func_175019_b ()Lbgf;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/initAtlasSprites ()V func_178268_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/renderFluid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z func_178270_a (Ladq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/getFluidHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)F func_178269_a (Ladq;Lcj;Larm;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/getNeighbourInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo; func_178273_a (Lcq;)Lbgf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo; values ()[Lbgf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/getAoBrightness (IIII)I func_147778_a (IIII)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/getVertexBrightness (IIIIFFFF)I func_178203_a (IIIIFFFF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/updateVertexBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V func_178204_a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lcq;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)[I a (Lbgf$b;)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)[F b (Lbgf$b;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I a (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/getVertexTranslations (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations; func_178184_a (Lcq;)Lbgf$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I b (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I c (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I d (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations; values ()[Lbgf$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation; values ()[Lbgf$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightnessColorQuads (FFFFLjava/util/List;)V func_178264_a (FFFFLjava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelAmbientOcclusionQuads (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;[FLjava/util/BitSet;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)V func_178263_a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Ljava/util/List;[FLjava/util/BitSet;Lbgf$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelStandardQuads (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;IZLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/BitSet;)V func_178260_a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lcq;IZLbfd;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelAmbientOcclusion (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z func_178265_a (Ladq;Lboq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z func_178259_a (Ladq;Lboq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z func_178267_a (Ladq;Lboq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/fillQuadBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;[ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V func_178261_a (Lafh;[ILcq;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightnessColor (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;FFFF)V func_178262_a (Lboq;FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FZ)V func_178266_a (Lboq;Lalz;FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelStandard (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z func_178258_b (Ladq;Lboq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getVertexData ()[I func_178209_a ()[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/hasTintIndex ()Z func_178212_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getTintIndex ()I func_178211_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getFace ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_178210_d ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseFacesCheck (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; func_178250_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgh;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation; func_178256_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbgj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePosition (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; func_178251_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseEnumFacing (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_178248_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseFaces (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; func_178253_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseAngle (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)F func_178255_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseAxis (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; func_178252_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePositionTo (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; func_178247_d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePositionFrom (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; func_178249_e (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/setDefaultUvs ()V func_178235_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/getFaceUvs (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[F func_178236_a (Lcq;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseTintIndex (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I func_178337_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseTexture (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178340_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseCullFace (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_178339_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgk;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I func_178291_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/parseUV (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)[F func_178292_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178348_a (I)F func_178348_a (I)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/setUvs ([F)V func_178349_a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178346_b (I)F func_178346_b (I)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178345_c (I)I func_178345_c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178347_d (I)I func_178347_d (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getModelElements (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List; func_178325_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getAmbientOcclusionEnabled (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z func_178328_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getTextures (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; func_178329_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getParent (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178326_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; func_178298_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; func_181681_a (Lbgr$b;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/deserialize (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_178307_a (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/deserialize (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_178294_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/resolveTextureName (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178302_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lbgl$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getParentFromMap (Ljava/util/Map;)V func_178299_a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z func_178309_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isTexturePresent (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_178300_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/checkModelHierarchy (Ljava/util/Map;)V func_178312_b (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isGui3d ()Z func_178311_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/resolveTextureName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178308_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isResolved ()Z func_178303_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/startsWithHash (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_178304_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getParentLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178305_e ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getRootModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_178310_f ()Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getAllTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; func_181682_g ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/hasParent ()Z func_178295_k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/parseVariantsList (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List; func_178334_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/parseVariants (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants; func_178335_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Lbgm$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgm$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; func_178428_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/makeModelLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178426_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseModel (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178424_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseWeight (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I func_178427_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseUvLock (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z func_178429_d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getModelLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178431_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; func_178432_b ()Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/isUvLocked ()Z func_178433_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getWeight ()I func_178430_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbgm$d;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/getVariants ()Ljava/util/List; func_178420_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/parseFromReader (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; func_178331_a (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/getVariants (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants; func_178330_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgm$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/remapVert (I)V func_178216_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/remapQuad ()V func_178217_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getMatrixIdentity ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f; func_178411_a ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/lockVertexUv (I[ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_178401_a (I[ILcq;Lbgk;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/makeQuadVertexData (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)[I func_178405_a (Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;[FLbor;Lbgj;ZZ)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFaceShadeColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_178413_a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotatePart (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;)V func_178407_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lbgj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotateVertex (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;ILnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)I func_178415_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lcq;ILbor;Z)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getPositionsDiv16 (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)[F func_178403_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/makeBakedQuad (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad; func_178414_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;Lbor;Lbgj;ZZ)Lbgg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotateScale (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)V func_178406_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFacingFromVertexData ([I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_178410_a ([I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/storeVertexData ([IIILorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;)V func_178404_a ([IIILorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;ILbmi;Lbgk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/fillVertexData ([IILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;[FLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)V func_178402_a ([IILcq;Lbgi;[FLbmi;Lbor;Lbgj;ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/applyFacing ([ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_178408_a ([ILcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/lockUv ([ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_178409_a ([ILcq;Lbgk;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFaceBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)F func_178412_b (Lcq;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178383_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing; func_178383_a ()Lbgp$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178382_a (I)V func_178382_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178385_b ()I func_178385_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178384_c ()I func_178384_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178381_d ()I func_178381_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_178367_a ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;)Z a (Lbgp$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178372_b ()I func_178372_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178371_c ()I func_178371_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178369_d ()Z func_178369_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing; values ()[Lbgp$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178394_a (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Ljava/util/List; func_178394_a (ILjava/lang/String;Lbmi;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178396_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;Ljava/util/List;[IIIIIZ)V func_178396_a (Lbgp$b;Ljava/util/List;[IIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/makeItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_178392_a (Lbmh;Lbgl;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178393_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Ljava/util/List; func_178393_a (Lbmi;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178397_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; func_178397_a (Lbmi;Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178395_a (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;II)V func_178395_a (Ljava/util/List;Lbgp$b;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178391_a ([IIIII)Z func_178391_a ([IIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/parseVector3f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; func_178358_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/func_181683_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; func_181683_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType; values ()[Lbgr$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/applyTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V func_181689_a (Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/getTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; func_181688_b (Lbgr$b;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/func_181687_c (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Z func_181687_c (Lbgr$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/putStateModelLocations (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Ljava/util/Map; func_178130_a (Lafh;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/getPropertyString (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; func_178131_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/putAllStateModelLocations ()Ljava/util/Map; func_178446_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/registerBlockStateMapper (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper;)V func_178447_a (Lafh;Lbgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/registerBuiltInBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_178448_a ([Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/DefaultStateMapper/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/build ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap; func_178441_a ()Lbgx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/withName (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; func_178440_a (Lamo;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/withSuffix (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; func_178439_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/ignore ([Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; func_178442_a ([Lamo;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178132_a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper/putStateModelLocations (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Ljava/util/Map; func_178130_a (Lafh;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/func_178463_a (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_178463_a (Laku;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Laku;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/forceTileEntityRender ()Z func_181055_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakv;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; func_147548_a ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_147543_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/cacheActiveRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_178470_a (Ladm;Lbmj;Lavn;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDF)V func_147549_a (Lakw;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_178469_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;FI)V func_180546_a (Lakw;FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getSpecialRendererByClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer; func_147546_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lbhd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getSpecialRenderer (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer; func_147547_b (Lakw;)Lbhd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/forceTileEntityRender ()Z func_181055_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/setRendererDispatcher (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher;)V func_147497_a (Lbhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_147499_a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_178459_a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; func_147498_b ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Laky;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lale;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lalf;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderMob (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic;DDDF)V func_147517_a (Ladd;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lall;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lalu;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Laln;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderSkull (FFFLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FILcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;I)V func_180543_a (FFFLcq;FILcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lalo;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/setRendererDispatcher (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher;)V func_147497_a (Lbhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/func_147525_a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; func_147525_a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortal;DDDFI)V func_180535_a (Lalp;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status; values ()[Lbhn$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type; values ()[Lbhn$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status; func_178546_a ()Lbhn$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setRegionRenderCacheBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder;)V func_178541_a (Lbfg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setStatus (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status;)V func_178535_a (Lbhn$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setCompiledChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V func_178543_a (Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/addFinishRunnable (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)V func_178539_a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getRenderChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_178536_b ()Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getCompiledChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk; func_178544_c ()Lbhq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getRegionRenderCacheBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; func_178545_d ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/finish ()V func_178542_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getLock ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock; func_178540_f ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type; func_178538_g ()Lbhn$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/isFinished ()Z func_178537_h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/getDebugInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178504_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/runChunkUploads (J)Z func_178516_a (J)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_178503_a (Ladf;Lbfd;Lbht;Lbhq;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadDisplayList (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)V func_178510_a (Lbfd;ILbht;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadVertexBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer;)V func_178506_a (Lbfd;Lbmt;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/freeRenderBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder;)V func_178512_a (Lbfg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher;)Ljava/util/concurrent/BlockingQueue; a (Lbho;)Ljava/util/concurrent/BlockingQueue;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateChunkLater (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z func_178507_a (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/stopChunkUpdates ()V func_178514_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateChunkNow (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z func_178505_b (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/allocateRenderBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; func_178515_c ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateTransparencyLater (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z func_178509_c (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/getNextChunkUpdate ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; func_178511_d ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/clearChunkUpdates ()V func_178513_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onSuccess (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/access$100 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/processTask (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V func_178474_a (Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V a (Lbhp;Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/getRegionRenderCacheBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; func_178475_b ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/freeRenderBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V func_178473_b (Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/setLayerUsed (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178486_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_178495_a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/setLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178493_c (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isEmpty ()Z func_178489_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setLayerUsed (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178486_a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_178490_a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V func_178494_a (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility;)V func_178488_a (Lbhx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_178495_a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/getTileEntities ()Ljava/util/List; func_178485_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isLayerEmpty (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Z func_178491_b (Ladf;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/getState ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State; func_178487_c ()Lbfd$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V func_178493_c (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Z func_178492_d (Ladf;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_178602_a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/deleteGlResources ()V func_178566_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/getDisplayList (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)I func_178600_a (Ladf;Lbhq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/deleteGlResources ()V func_178566_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/resortTransparency (FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V func_178570_a (FFFLbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setFrameIndex (I)Z func_178577_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/postRenderBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V func_178584_a (Ladf;FFFLbfd;Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/preRenderBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_178573_a (Lbfd;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setCompiledChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V func_178580_a (Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_178576_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getBlockPosOffset16 (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_181701_a (Lcq;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setNeedsUpdate (Z)V func_178575_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/finishCompileTask ()V func_178578_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/rebuildChunk (FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V func_178581_b (FFFLbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getVertexBufferByLayer (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer; func_178565_b (I)Lbmt;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getLockCompileTask ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock; func_178579_c ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/makeCompileTaskChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; func_178574_d ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/makeCompileTaskTransparency ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; func_178582_e ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/multModelviewMatrix ()V func_178572_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getCompiledChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk; func_178571_g ()Lbhq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/stopCompileTask ()V func_178585_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_178568_j ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/isNeedsUpdate ()Z func_178569_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/initModelviewMatrix ()V func_178567_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_178602_a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VboChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; func_178602_a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/computeVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility; func_178607_a ()Lbhx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178604_a (I)Ljava/util/Set; func_178604_a (I)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/getIndex (III)I func_178605_a (III)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178603_a (ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_178603_a (ILcq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178610_a (ILjava/util/Set;)V func_178610_a (ILjava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178606_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_178606_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178609_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; func_178609_b (Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/getIndex (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_178608_c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_178621_a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)V func_178619_a (Lcq;Lcq;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setManyVisible (Ljava/util/Set;)V func_178620_a (Ljava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setAllVisible (Z)V func_178618_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera/setPosition (DDD)V func_78547_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera/isBoundingBoxInFrustum (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_78546_a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper; func_78558_a ()Lbid;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/normalize ([F)V func_180547_a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/init ()V func_78560_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/setPosition (DDD)V func_78547_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/isBoundingBoxInFrustum (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_78546_a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/isBoxInFrustum (DDDDDD)Z func_78548_b (DDDDDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/dot ([FDDD)D func_178624_a ([FDDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/isBoxInFrustum (DDDDDD)Z func_78553_b (DDDDDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer$1/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand; func_177087_b ()Lbat;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_177070_b (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lum;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lum;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177087_b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_177070_b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;)Z func_177070_b (Lum;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwq;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lwq;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;F)V func_77041_b (Ltk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;FFF)V func_77043_a (Ltk;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvl;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lux;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lux;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvm;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider;F)V func_77041_b (Lvm;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwc;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltn;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken;F)F func_77044_a (Ltn;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_77044_a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lto;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FF)I func_77030_a (Lpr;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvn;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;F)V func_77041_b (Lvn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;FF)I func_77030_a (Lvn;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luf;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luf;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFF)V func_77036_a (Lpr;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lug;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/drawRechargeRay (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;DDDF)V func_180574_a (Lug;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lug;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lug;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFF)V func_77036_a (Lug;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvo;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lvo;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)F func_77037_a (Lvp;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F func_77037_a (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/isRenderShadow ()Z func_178627_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderPosition (DDD)V func_178628_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setPlayerViewY (F)V func_178631_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/set (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_78717_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/cacheActiveRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings;F)V func_180597_a (Ladm;Lavn;Lpk;Lpk;Lavh;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getEntityClassRenderObject (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render; func_78715_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lbiv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getEntityRenderObject (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render; func_78713_a (Lpk;)Lbiv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntityWithPosYaw (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)Z func_147940_a (Lpk;DDDFF)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/doRenderEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFFZ)Z func_147939_a (Lpk;DDDFFZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntitySimple (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Z func_147937_a (Lpk;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntityStatic (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FZ)Z func_147936_a (Lpk;FZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_178635_a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderShadow (Z)V func_178633_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/isDebugBoundingBox ()Z func_178634_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getDistanceToCamera (DDD)D func_78714_a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderDebugBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_85094_b (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderWitherSkull (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V func_178630_b (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setDebugBoundingBox (Z)V func_178629_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; func_78716_a ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderOutlines (Z)V func_178632_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getWorldFromRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_76982_b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderShadowBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;DDDLnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FFDDD)V func_180549_a (Lafh;DDDLcj;FFDDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderOffsetAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;DDD)V func_76978_a (Laug;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_110776_a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V func_177067_a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderEntityOnFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDF)V func_76977_a (Lpk;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V func_177069_a (Lpk;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;DDDI)V func_147906_a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;DDDI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_177070_b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/doRenderShadowAndFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76979_b (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getFontRendererFromRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; func_76983_a ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/bindEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_180548_c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderShadow (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76975_c (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager; func_177068_d ()Lbiu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpp;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luy;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lws;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lws;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lur;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lur;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111095_a ()V func_111095_a ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111093_a (DDDD)Z func_111093_a (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111092_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I func_111092_a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111099_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;)D func_111099_a (Lbj$a;)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111097_a (Ljava/util/Random;DDDD)V func_111097_a (Ljava/util/Random;DDDD)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111096_b ()F func_111096_b ()F
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111098_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z func_111098_b (Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111094_b (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;)V func_111094_b (Lbj$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110668_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;DLnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;DDDD[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;Z)I func_110668_a (Lbj$a;DLadm;Ljava/util/Random;DDDD[Lbj$a;Z)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110671_a (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;Z)D func_110671_a (Ljava/util/List;Ladm;[Lbj$a;Z)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110670_a (Ljava/util/Random;IDDDD)[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position; func_110670_a (Ljava/util/Random;IDDDD)[Lbj$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110669_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;DDLnet/minecraft/world/World;Z)V func_110669_a (Lm;Ljava/util/List;Lbj$a;DDLadm;Z)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110667_a (Ljava/util/List;)I func_110667_a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvr;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast;F)V func_77041_b (Lvr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie$1/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvs;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie;F)V func_77041_b (Lvs;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/func_177110_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_177110_a (Lpr;DF)Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lps;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvt;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lvt;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;F)V func_77041_b (Lvt;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lvt;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;F)V func_77041_b (Ltp;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/func_110848_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110848_b (Ltp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luz;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/func_177077_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;DDDFLnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)I func_177077_a (Luz;DDDFLboq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/func_177078_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_177078_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V func_177067_a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luo;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;DDD)V func_177067_a (Luo;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luo;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)V func_82402_b (Luo;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$5/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$6/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$7/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$8/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$9/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; func_178113_a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/getItemModelMesher ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher; func_175037_a ()Lbfo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/setupGuiTransform (IIZ)V func_180452_a (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;ILjava/lang/String;)V func_175029_a (Lafh;ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175031_a (Lafh;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemOverlays (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_175030_a (Lavn;Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemOverlayIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IILjava/lang/String;)V func_180453_a (Lavn;Lzx;IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;IIIIIIII)V func_181565_a (Lbfd;IIIIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/putQuadNormal (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)V func_175038_a (Lbfd;Lbgg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;I)V func_175033_a (Lbfd;Lbgg;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderQuads (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175032_a (Lbfd;Ljava/util/List;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/isThereOneNegativeScale (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f;)Z func_183005_a (Lbgq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderEffect (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)V func_180451_a (Lboq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;I)V func_175035_a (Lboq;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175045_a (Lboq;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175036_a (Lboq;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILjava/lang/String;)V func_175048_a (Lzw;ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175047_a (Lzw;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/shouldRenderItemIn3D (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_175050_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_175042_a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V func_181564_a (Lzx;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)V func_180454_a (Lzx;Lboq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemModelTransform (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V func_175040_a (Lzx;Lboq;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemModelForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V func_175049_a (Lzx;Lpr;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/isNotRenderingEffectsInGUI (Z)V func_175039_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItems ()V func_175041_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/preTransform (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175046_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemAndEffectIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V func_180450_b (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvu;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube;F)V func_77041_b (Lvu;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lup;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lup;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luv;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luv;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/interpolateRotation (FFF)F func_77034_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/addLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer;)Z func_177094_a (Lblb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V func_177067_a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_177070_b (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V func_77039_a (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FF)I func_77030_a (Lpr;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFF)V func_77036_a (Lpr;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderLayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177093_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FZ)Z func_177092_a (Lpr;FZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setRenderOutlines (Z)V func_177086_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177087_b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/removeLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer;)Z func_177089_b (Lblb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_177070_b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F func_77037_a (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V func_177067_a (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_77044_a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setScoreTeamColor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_177088_c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setDoRenderBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)Z func_177090_c (Lpr;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getSwingProgress (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_77040_d (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/unsetScoreTeamColor ()V func_180565_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/unsetBrightness ()V func_177091_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lva;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lva;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180560_a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180560_a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180560_a (Lvh;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/interpolateValue (DDD)D func_110828_a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_177070_b (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/setLightmap (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;F)V func_177105_a (Lps;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z func_177071_a (Lps;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_177070_b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Z func_177070_b (Lps;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/renderLeash (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_110827_b (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltr;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lts;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot;F)V func_77041_b (Lts;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luq;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luq;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/setLightmap (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;FF)V func_77008_a (Luq;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/renderPainting (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;IIII)V func_77010_a (Luq;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltt;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie$1/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvw;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltu;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltv;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish;)F func_77037_a (Lvz;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F func_77037_a (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton$1/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwa;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton;F)V func_77041_b (Lwa;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwb;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lwb;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;F)V func_77041_b (Lwb;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltw;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177087_b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan; func_177087_b ()Lbcd;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/func_175776_d ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_175776_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/func_175777_e ()Ljava/util/List; func_175777_e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwc;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F func_77037_a (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)F func_77037_a (Lwc;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Ltx;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;F)F func_77044_a (Ltx;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;FFF)V func_77043_a (Ltx;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_77044_a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_177082_d (Lpk;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_177082_d (Lxc;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_177082_d (Lpk;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180560_a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180560_a (Lvi;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lvj;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lvj;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lty;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lty;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwi;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager;F)V func_77041_b (Lwi;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177087_b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager; func_177087_b ()Lbci;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwd;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lwd;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;F)V func_77041_b (Lwd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Luk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Luk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;F)V func_77041_b (Luk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/func_82400_a (FFF)F func_82400_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lxd;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lxd;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lua;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lua;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;F)F func_77044_a (Lua;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F func_77044_a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie$1/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lwe;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lwe;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lwe;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/func_82427_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;)V func_82427_a (Lwe;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorModel (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177175_a (I)Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;I)V func_177179_a (Lbbo;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFFI)V func_177182_a (Lpr;FFFFFFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getCurrentArmor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_177176_a (Lpr;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderGlint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177183_a (Lpr;Lbbo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorResource (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177181_a (Lyj;Z)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorResource (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor;ZLjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177178_a (Lyj;ZLjava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/isSlotForLeggings (I)Z func_177180_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lbet;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lvo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lvn;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lbet;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lug;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lug;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lvo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped;)V func_177194_a (Lbbj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped;I)V func_177179_a (Lbbj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;I)V func_177179_a (Lbbo;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Ltr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Ltt;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Ltv;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lwb;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Ltw;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lwc;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerVillagerArmor/initArmor ()V func_177177_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lty;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lwd;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Luk;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;FFFFFFF)V func_177141_a (Lua;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/shouldCombineTextures ()Z func_177142_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V func_82422_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lbet;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDD)V func_77039_a (Lbet;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lbet;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V func_177069_a (Lbet;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;F)V func_77041_b (Lbet;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lbet;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110775_a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V func_177069_a (Lpk;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V func_77039_a (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V func_76986_a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_77041_b (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V func_77043_a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; func_177087_b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderRightArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_177138_b (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLeftArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_177139_c (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/setModelVisibilities (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V func_177137_d (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer; func_177087_b ()Lbbr;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148109_a ()V func_148109_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148110_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode; func_148110_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lblo;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148108_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_148108_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148111_b ()Z func_148111_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148107_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_148107_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (F)V func_148090_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FF)V func_148087_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFF)V func_148095_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFFF)V func_148081_a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V func_148094_a (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (IIII)V func_148083_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V func_148088_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set ([F)V func_148097_a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/func_148092_b (FFFF)V func_148092_b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/deleteShader ()V func_147988_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/parseSampler (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_147996_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getShaderUniform (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform; func_147991_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lblv;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/addSamplerTexture (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_147992_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/endShader ()V func_147993_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/parseUniform (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_147987_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getShaderUniformOrDefault (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform; func_147984_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lblv;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/useShader ()V func_147995_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/markDirty ()V func_147985_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getVertexShaderLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; func_147989_e ()Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getFragmentShaderLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; func_147994_f ()Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getProgram ()I func_147986_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/setupUniforms ()V func_147990_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/deleteShaderGroup ()V func_148021_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/loadShaderGroup (F)V func_148018_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/createBindFramebuffers (II)V func_148026_a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/parsePass (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_152764_a (Lbmj;Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/parseGroup (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_152765_a (Lbmj;Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/initTarget (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_148027_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getFramebufferRaw (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; func_177066_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/addFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;II)V func_148020_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/addShader (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Shader; func_148023_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lbfw;Lbfw;)Lbls;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getShaderGroupName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148022_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/initUniform (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_148028_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; func_148017_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/resetProjectionMatrix ()V func_148024_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/loadShader (F)V func_148042_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/addAuxFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;II)V func_148041_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/setProjectionMatrix (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V func_148045_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/deleteShader ()V func_148044_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/getShaderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager; func_148043_c ()Lblq;
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/preLoadShader ()V func_148040_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148062_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderExtension ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148063_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderMode ()I func_148065_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getLoadedShaders ()Ljava/util/Map; func_148064_d ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType; values ()[Lblt$a;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/getShaderFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148055_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/attachShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V func_148056_a (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/loadShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; func_148057_a (Lbni;Lblt$a;Ljava/lang/String;)Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/toByteArray (Ljava/io/BufferedInputStream;)[B func_177064_a (Ljava/io/BufferedInputStream;)[B
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/deleteShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V func_148054_b (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/setNewStaticShaderLinkHelper ()V func_148076_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/deleteShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V func_148077_a (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/getStaticShaderLinkHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper; func_148074_b ()Lblu;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/linkProgram (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V func_148075_b (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/createProgram ()I func_148078_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/getShaderName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148086_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (F)V func_148090_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FF)V func_148087_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFF)V func_148095_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFFF)V func_148081_a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V func_148094_a (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (IIII)V func_148083_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/parseType (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_148085_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V func_148088_a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set ([F)V func_148097_a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/upload ()V func_148093_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/func_148092_b (FFFF)V func_148092_b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/setUniformLocation (I)V func_148084_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/markDirty ()V func_148096_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadInt ()V func_148091_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadFloat ()V func_148089_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadFloatMatrix ()V func_148082_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/restoreLastBlurMipmap ()V func_174935_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/setBlurMipmapDirect (ZZ)V func_174937_a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/getGlTextureId ()I func_110552_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/setBlurMipmap (ZZ)V func_174936_b (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/deleteGlTexture ()V func_147631_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/updateDynamicTexture ()V func_110564_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/getTextureData ()[I func_110565_c ()[I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbma;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/setBufferedImage (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)V func_147641_a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/getGlTextureId ()I func_110552_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Ljava/io/File; b (Lbma;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer; c (Lbma;)Lbfm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/loadTextureFromServer ()V func_152433_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$200 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; f ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/checkTextureUploaded ()V func_147640_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator/registerSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;)V func_177059_a (Lbmh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getAtlasSprite ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_98150_a ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/setNewDimension (I)V func_94196_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)I a (Lbmf$a;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getWidth ()I func_94197_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getHeight ()I func_94199_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/rotate ()V func_94194_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/isRotated ()Z func_94195_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getStitchHolder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder; func_94183_a ()Lbmf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/addSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z func_94182_a (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getAllStitchSlots (Ljava/util/List;)V func_94184_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getOriginX ()I func_94186_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getOriginY ()I func_94185_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getCurrentWidth ()I func_110935_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/access$000 (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/allocateSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z func_94310_b (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/addSprite (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_110934_a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getCurrentHeight ()I func_110936_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getMipmapDimension (II)I func_147969_b (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/expandAndAllocateSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z func_94311_c (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/doStitch ()V func_94305_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getStichSlots ()Ljava/util/List; func_94309_g ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/setMipmapLevels (I)V func_147633_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator;)V func_174943_a (Lbni;Lbmb;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/getAtlasSprite (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_110572_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/registerSprite (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_174942_a (Ljy;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/completeResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_147634_a (Ljy;I)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadTextureAtlas (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110571_b (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/updateAnimations ()V func_94248_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/tick ()V func_110550_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/getMissingSprite ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_174944_f ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/initMissingImage ()V func_110569_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getOriginX ()I func_130010_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getInterpolatedU (D)F func_94214_a (D)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameTextureData (I)[[I func_147965_a (I)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/initSprite (IIIIZ)V func_110971_a (IIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/copyFrom (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_94217_a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setLocationNameClock (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176602_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setFramesTextureData (Ljava/util/List;)V func_110968_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/makeAtlasSprite (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_176604_a (Ljy;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/loadSprite ([Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection;)V func_180598_a ([Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;Lboa;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameTextureData ([[IIII)[[I func_147962_a ([[IIII)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getOriginY ()I func_110967_i ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getInterpolatedV (D)F func_94207_b (D)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setIconWidth (I)V func_110966_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setLocationNameCompass (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176603_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconWidth ()I func_94211_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setIconHeight (I)V func_110969_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconHeight ()I func_94216_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/generateMipmaps (I)V func_147963_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMinU ()F func_94209_e ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/allocateFrameTextureData (I)V func_130099_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMaxU ()F func_94212_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMinV ()F func_94206_g ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMaxV ()F func_94210_h ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_94215_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/updateAnimation ()V func_94219_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameCount ()I func_110970_k ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/clearFramesTextureData ()V func_130103_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/hasAnimationMetadata ()Z func_130098_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/updateAnimationInterpolated ()V func_180599_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/resetSprite ()V func_130102_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/getDynamicTextureLocation (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110578_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lblz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_110577_a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject;)Z func_110579_a (Ljy;Lbmk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/loadTickableTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickableTextureObject;)Z func_110580_a (Ljy;Lbmn;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/getTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject; func_110581_b (Ljy;)Lbmk;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/deleteTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V func_147645_c (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/tick ()V func_110550_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/restoreLastBlurMipmap ()V func_174935_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110551_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/getGlTextureId ()I func_110552_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/setBlurMipmap (ZZ)V func_174936_b (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/glGenTextures ()I func_110996_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/deleteTexture (I)V func_147942_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/allocateTexture (III)V func_110991_a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/allocateTextureImpl (IIII)V func_180600_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/blendColorComponent (IIIII)I func_147944_a (IIIII)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/blendColors (IIIIZ)I func_147943_a (IIIIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/generateMipmapData (II[[I)[[I func_147949_a (II[[I)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImage (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)I func_110987_a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageSub (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)I func_110995_a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageAllocate (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;ZZ)I func_110989_a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;ZZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTexture (I[III)V func_110988_a (I[III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureSub (I[IIIIIZZZ)V func_147947_a (I[IIIIIZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/readImageData (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)[I func_110986_a (Lbni;Ljy;)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageSubImpl (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)V func_110993_a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/readBufferedImage (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_177053_a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureClamped (Z)V func_110997_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureBlurMipmap (ZZ)V func_147954_b (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/updateAnaglyph ([I)[I func_110985_a ([I)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/copyToBuffer ([II)V func_110990_a ([II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/processPixelValues ([III)V func_147953_a ([III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureMipmap ([[IIIIIZZ)V func_147955_a ([[IIIIIZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/bindTexture (I)V func_94277_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureBlurred (Z)V func_147951_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/copyToBufferPos ([III)V func_110994_a ([III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/anaglyphColor (I)I func_177054_c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickable/tick ()V func_110550_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/updateAnimation ()V func_94219_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/updateCompass (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDZZ)V func_94241_a (Ladm;DDDZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/updateAnimation ()V func_94219_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/bindBuffer ()V func_177359_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/drawArrays (I)V func_177358_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/bufferData (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V func_181722_a (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/unbindBuffer ()V func_177361_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/deleteGlBuffers ()V func_177362_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/clear ()V func_177339_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasUvOffset (I)Z func_177347_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; func_181721_a (Lbmv;)Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z func_177350_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getUvOffsetById (I)I func_177344_b (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I func_177342_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement; func_177348_c (I)Lbmv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasColor ()Z func_177346_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getOffset (I)I func_181720_d (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I func_177340_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I func_181719_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getNextOffset ()I func_177338_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; func_177343_g ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElementCount ()I func_177345_h ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasPosition ()Z func_177341_i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getSize ()I func_177395_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177396_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getGlConstant ()I func_177397_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType; values ()[Lbmv$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177384_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage; values ()[Lbmv$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType; func_177367_b ()Lbmv$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/func_177372_a (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage;)Z func_177372_a (ILbmv$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getUsage ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage; func_177375_c ()Lbmv$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getElementCount ()I func_177370_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I func_177369_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getSize ()I func_177368_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/isPositionElement ()Z func_177374_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_110586_a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/readMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_110596_a (Lbny;Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_135058_a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getRelativeName (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/lang/String; func_110595_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110591_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110590_a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_130077_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_110593_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z func_110589_b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/logNameNotLowercase (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_110594_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/locationToName (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/lang/String; func_110592_c (Ljy;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/getResourceMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_152782_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getDefaultSkinLegacy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177335_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getDefaultSkin (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177334_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getSkinType (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljava/lang/String; func_177332_b (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/isSlimSkin (Ljava/util/UUID;)Z func_177333_c (Ljava/util/UUID;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_110586_a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_135058_a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110590_a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_130077_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z func_110589_b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_110587_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getInputStreamAssets (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_152780_c (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getResourceStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110605_c (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/finalize ()V finalize ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/read ()I read ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_135055_a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/addResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)V func_110538_a (Lbnk;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; func_110536_a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_177245_a (Ljy;Lbnk;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; func_135056_b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getLocationMcmeta (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_110537_b (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110591_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_110593_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_110587_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getResourcePackZipFile ()Ljava/util/zip/ZipFile; func_110599_c ()Ljava/util/zip/ZipFile;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/finalize ()V finalize ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110591_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_110593_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_110587_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager/registerReloadListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener;)V func_110542_a (Lbnj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager/reloadResources (Ljava/util/List;)V func_110541_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getResourceLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177241_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getMetadata (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_110526_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110527_b ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/hasMetadata ()Z func_110528_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177240_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_135055_a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; func_110536_a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; func_135056_b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_110586_a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_135058_a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110590_a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_130077_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z func_110589_b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_110587_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$1/accept (Ljava/io/File;)Z accept (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/updateResourcePack ()V func_110516_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/bindTexturePackIcon (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;)V func_110518_a (Lbmj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/closeResourcePack ()V func_110517_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getResourcePack ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack; func_110514_c ()Lbnk;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110515_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getTexturePackDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110519_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/func_183027_f ()I func_183027_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/updateRepositoryEntriesAll ()V func_110611_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/setResourcePackInstance (Ljava/io/File;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_177319_a (Ljava/io/File;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_180601_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/setRepositories (Ljava/util/List;)V func_148527_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getRepositoryEntriesAll ()Ljava/util/List; func_110609_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getRepositoryEntries ()Ljava/util/List; func_110613_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getDirResourcepacks ()Ljava/io/File; func_110612_e ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getResourcePackInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack; func_148530_e ()Lbnk;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/clearResourcePack ()V func_148529_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/fixDirResourcepacks ()V func_110616_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getResourcePackFiles ()Ljava/util/List; func_110614_g ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/deleteOldServerResourcesPacks ()V func_183028_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbnk;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; func_135055_a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/registerReloadListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener;)V func_110542_a (Lbnj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)V func_110545_a (Lbnk;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadResources (Ljava/util/List;)V func_110541_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; func_110536_a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/clearResources ()V func_110543_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; func_135056_b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/notifyReloadListeners ()V func_110544_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getResourceLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177241_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getMetadata (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_110526_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; func_110527_b ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/hasMetadata ()Z func_110528_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177240_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/load (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/skinAvailable ()V func_152634_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; func_78432_a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback/skinAvailable (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V func_180521_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Ljy;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; a (Lbnp;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkinFromCache (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map; func_152788_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadProfileTextures (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback;Z)V func_152790_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Lbnp$a;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_152792_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_152789_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lbnp$a;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/setLocale (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Locale;)V func_135051_a (Lbnt;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/format (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_135052_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/getLanguageCode ()Ljava/lang/String; func_135034_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language;)I a (Lbnr;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/isBidirectional ()Z func_135035_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/isCurrentLocaleUnicode ()Z func_135042_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/setCurrentLanguage (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language;)V func_135045_a (Lbnr;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/parseLanguageMetadata (Ljava/util/List;)V func_135043_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/isCurrentLanguageBidirectional ()Z func_135044_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/getCurrentLanguage ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language; func_135041_c ()Lbnr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/getLanguages ()Ljava/util/SortedSet; func_135040_d ()Ljava/util/SortedSet;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/isUnicode ()Z func_135025_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleDataFiles (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Ljava/util/List;)V func_135022_a (Lbni;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleData (Ljava/io/InputStream;)V func_135021_a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/formatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_135023_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleData (Ljava/util/List;)V func_135028_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/checkUnicode ()V func_135024_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/translateKeyPrivate (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_135026_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/getGson ()Lcom/google/gson/Gson; func_110505_a ()Lcom/google/gson/Gson;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/registerMetadataSectionType (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer;Ljava/lang/Class;)V func_110504_a (Lbnx;Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/parseMetadataSection (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; func_110503_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/hasNoTime ()Z func_110495_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/getFrameTime ()I func_110497_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/getFrameIndex ()I func_110496_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameHeight ()I func_110471_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameTimeSingle (I)I func_110472_a (I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameWidth ()I func_110474_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameHasTime (I)Z func_110470_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameCount ()I func_110473_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameIndex (I)I func_110468_c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameTime ()I func_110469_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getAnimationFrame (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame; func_130072_d (I)Lbnz;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/isInterpolate ()Z func_177219_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameIndexSet ()Ljava/util/Set; func_130073_e ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/parseAnimationFrame (ILcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame; func_110492_a (ILcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Lbnz;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lboa;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lboa;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbod;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection/getLanguages ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_135018_a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbog;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/getPackDescription ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_152805_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/getPackFormat ()I func_110462_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lboj;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lboj;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getTextureBlur ()Z func_110479_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getTextureClamp ()Z func_110480_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getListMipmaps ()Ljava/util/List; func_148535_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110483_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbon;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; func_177550_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; func_177551_a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z func_177555_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z func_177556_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z func_177553_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_177554_e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; func_177552_f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/getMatrix4d ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f; func_177525_a ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/getModelRotation (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; func_177524_a (II)Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/rotateFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_177523_a (Lcq;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/rotateVertex (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)I func_177520_a (Lcq;I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/combineXY (II)I func_177521_b (II)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; values ()[Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; func_177550_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; func_177551_a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z func_177555_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isGui3d ()Z func_177556_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z func_177553_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_177554_e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; func_177552_f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)I a (Lbov;Lbov;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/registerSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;)V func_177059_a (Lbmh;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/setupModelRegistry ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IRegistry; func_177570_a ()Ldb;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/makeBakedQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad; func_177589_a (Lbgh;Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;Lbor;Z)Lbgg;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getTextureLocations (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Ljava/util/Set; func_177585_a (Lbgl;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_177578_a (Lbgl;Lbor;Z)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/registerVariant (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)V func_177569_a (Lbgm;Lbov;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lbot;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getItemLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177583_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariants (Ljava/util/Collection;)V func_177591_a (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getModelBlockDefinition (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; func_177586_a (Ljy;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getVariantNames (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Ljava/util/List; func_177596_a (Lzw;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariantItemModels ()V func_177577_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/hasItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Z func_177581_b (Lbgl;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getBlockStateLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177584_b (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariantModels ()V func_177595_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/isCustomRenderer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Z func_177587_c (Lbgl;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModel (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_177594_c (Ljy;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadItemModels ()V func_177590_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/makeItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; func_177582_d (Lbgl;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177580_d (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/registerVariantNames ()V func_177592_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getParentPath (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; func_177573_e (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeBlockModels ()V func_177588_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getParentLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_177576_f (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getVariantsTextureLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; func_177575_g ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModelsCheck ()V func_177597_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModels ()V func_177574_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadSprites ()V func_177572_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getItemsTextureLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; func_177571_k ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeItemModels ()V func_177593_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getMissingModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_174951_a ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_174953_a (Lbov;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getTextureMap ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap; func_174952_b ()Lbmh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getBlockModelShapes ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes; func_174954_c ()Lbgc;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/parsePathString (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; func_177517_b (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/getVariant ()Ljava/lang/String; func_177518_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addGeneralQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; func_177648_a (Lbgg;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/setTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; func_177646_a (Lbmi;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addGeneralBreakingFours (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V func_177647_a (Lboq;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addFaceBreakingFours (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_177649_a (Lboq;Lbmi;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addFaceQuad (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; func_177650_a (Lcq;Lbgg;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/makeBakedModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_177645_b ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; func_177550_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; func_177551_a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z func_177555_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z func_177556_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z func_177553_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_177554_e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; func_177552_f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/build ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel; func_177676_a ()Lbox;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/add (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder; func_177677_a (Lboq;I)Lbox$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/first ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_177675_b ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/getCountQuads ()I func_177635_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem;)I a (Lbox$b;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; func_177550_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getAlternativeModel (J)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; func_177564_a (J)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; func_177551_a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z func_177555_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z func_177556_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z func_177553_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; func_177554_e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; func_177552_f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getSoundLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_147650_b ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/canRepeat ()Z func_147657_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getRepeatDelay ()I func_147652_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getVolume ()F func_147653_e ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getPitch ()F func_147655_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getXPosF ()F func_147649_g ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getYPosF ()F func_147654_h ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getZPosF ()F func_147651_i ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getAttenuationType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; func_147656_j ()Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound/isDonePlaying ()Z func_147667_k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; func_147673_a (Ljy;)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;F)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; func_147674_a (Ljy;F)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;FFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; func_147675_a (Ljy;FFF)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_147155_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; func_147154_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategoryId ()I func_147156_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; values ()[Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/getType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; func_148580_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; values ()[Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148556_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryVolume (F)V func_148553_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryWeight (I)V func_148554_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryType (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type;)V func_148562_a (Lbph$a$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_148561_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setStreaming (Z)V func_148557_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryVolume ()F func_148558_b ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryPitch (F)V func_148559_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryPitch ()F func_148560_c ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryWeight ()I func_148555_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; func_148563_e ()Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/isStreaming ()Z func_148552_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/getSoundList ()Ljava/util/List; func_148570_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/setSoundCategory (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)V func_148571_a (Lbpg;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/setReplaceExisting (Z)V func_148572_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/canReplaceExisting ()Z func_148574_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/getSoundCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; func_148573_c ()Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbph;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/getTypeInt ()I func_148586_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; values ()[Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getSoundLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_147650_b ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/canRepeat ()Z func_147657_c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getRepeatDelay ()I func_147652_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getVolume ()F func_147653_e ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getPitch ()F func_147655_f ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getXPosF ()F func_147649_g ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getYPosF ()F func_147654_h ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getZPosF ()F func_147651_i ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getAttenuationType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; func_147656_j ()Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ITickableSound/isDonePlaying ()Z func_147667_k ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/allowUserToConnect (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_148542_a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer; func_72365_p ()Lbpo;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72391_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_72365_p ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getHostPlayerData ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_72378_q ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/tick ()V func_71217_p ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setStaticInstance ()V func_175592_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71235_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_71206_a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V func_71228_a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/loadAllWorlds (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71247_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setDifficultyForAllWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V func_147139_a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70000_a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z func_70002_Q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z func_71262_S ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z func_181035_ah ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z func_82356_Z ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getPublic ()Z func_71344_c ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_71230_b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/createNewCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager; func_175582_h ()Lbd;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/startServer ()Z func_71197_b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z func_71225_e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_71265_f ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_147135_j ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isHardcore ()Z func_71199_h ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I func_110455_j ()I
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z func_181034_q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z func_183002_r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/stopServer ()V func_71260_j ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/initiateShutdown ()V func_71263_m ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getDataDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; func_71238_n ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/getServerMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77487_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/getServerIpPort ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77488_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/updateLastSeen ()V func_77489_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/getWasUpdated ()Z func_77553_a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/func_77551_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/net/InetAddress;)V func_77551_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/net/InetAddress;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/setWasNotUpdated ()V func_77552_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/getLanServers ()Ljava/util/List; func_77554_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/access$000 ()Ljava/util/concurrent/atomic/AtomicInteger; a ()Ljava/util/concurrent/atomic/AtomicInteger;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/access$100 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getMotdFromPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77524_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77525_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getAdFromPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77523_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/interrupt ()V interrupt ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMusicLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_148635_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMinDelay ()I func_148634_b ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMaxDelay ()I func_148633_c ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType; values ()[Lbpv$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/func_181557_a ()V func_181557_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/func_181558_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType;)V func_181558_a (Lbpv$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getSoundPoolEntryLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_148652_a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/setPitch (D)V func_148651_a (D)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getPitch ()D func_148650_b ()D
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/setVolume (D)V func_148647_b (D)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getVolume ()D func_148649_c ()D
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/isStreamingSound ()Z func_148648_d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/errorMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;I)V errorMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/importantMessage (Ljava/lang/String;I)V importantMessage (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/message (Ljava/lang/String;I)V message (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/connect ()V connect ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2/openConnection (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/net/URLConnection; openConnection (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/net/URLConnection;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread/playing (Ljava/lang/String;)Z playing (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/reloadSoundSystem ()V func_148596_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getSoundCategoryVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F func_148595_a (Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/setSoundCategoryVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V func_148601_a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/isSoundPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)Z func_148597_a (Lbpj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playDelayedSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;I)V func_148599_a (Lbpj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getNormalizedPitch (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry;)F func_148606_a (Lbpj;Lbpw;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getNormalizedVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F func_148594_a (Lbpj;Lbpw;Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; a (Lbpx;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread; a (Lbpx;Lbpx$a;)Lbpx$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;Z)Z a (Lbpx;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getURLForSoundResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/net/URL; func_148612_a (Ljy;)Ljava/net/URL;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/setListener (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;F)V func_148615_a (Lwn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/unloadSoundSystem ()V func_148613_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/stopSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V func_148602_b (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread; b (Lbpx;)Lbpx$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/stopAllSounds ()V func_148614_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V func_148611_c (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/updateAllSounds ()V func_148605_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/pauseAllSounds ()V func_148610_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/resumeAllSounds ()V func_148604_f ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; g ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$500 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Marker; h ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Marker;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/loadSoundSystem ()V func_148608_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getWeight ()I func_148721_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/addSoundToEventPool (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor;)V func_148727_a (Lbqb;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; func_148720_g ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getSoundEventLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; func_148729_c ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getSoundCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; func_148728_d ()Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_148720_g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/getWeight ()I func_148721_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; func_148720_g ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_148720_g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/pauseSounds ()V func_147689_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V func_110549_a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/setSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V func_147684_a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/playSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V func_147682_a (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/playDelayedSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;I)V func_147681_a (Lbpj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry; a (Lbpz;)Lbqa;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getSoundMap (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/util/Map; func_175085_a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite; func_147680_a (Ljy;)Lbpy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/loadSoundResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList;)V func_147693_a (Ljy;Lbph;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/setListener (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;F)V func_147691_a (Lwn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getRandomSoundFromCategories ([Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite; func_147686_a ([Lbpg;)Lbpy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/stopSounds ()V func_147690_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/stopSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V func_147683_b (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/isSoundPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)Z func_147692_c (Lbpj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/unloadSounds ()V func_147685_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/resumeSounds ()V func_147687_e ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/clearMap ()V func_148763_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/registerSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite;)V func_148762_a (Lbpy;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_148740_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor/getWeight ()I func_148721_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_148720_g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/getWeight ()I func_148721_a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; func_148720_g ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_148720_g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152809_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152809_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152807_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152807_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152808_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152808_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152806_b ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152806_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152810_c ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152810_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/bufferUnlockCallback (J)V bufferUnlockCallback (J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$2/statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState; values ()[Lbqj$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152895_a ()V func_152895_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152891_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V func_152891_a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152899_b ()V func_152899_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152901_c ()V func_152901_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getErrorCode ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; func_152852_P ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getPixelFormat ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/PixelFormat; func_152826_z ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/PixelFormat;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152817_A ()Z func_152817_A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152851_B ()Z func_152851_B ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/statCallback ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152845_C ()Z func_152845_C ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/requestCommercial ()Z func_152830_D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/stopBroadcasting ()Z func_152819_E ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152847_F ()Z func_152847_F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152854_G ()Z func_152854_G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152821_H ()V func_152821_H ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152835_I ()V func_152835_I ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152838_J ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; func_152838_J ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152823_L ()Z func_152823_L ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152831_M ()V func_152831_M ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152822_N ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer; func_152822_N ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setRecordingDeviceVolume (F)V func_152829_a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152834_a (IIFF)Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams; func_152834_a (IIFF)Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152827_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V func_152827_a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setBroadcastListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener;)V func_152841_a (Lbqj$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152842_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152842_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_177947_a (Ljava/lang/String;JJLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_177947_a (Ljava/lang/String;JJLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152840_a (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_152840_a (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152828_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_152828_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152818_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)Z func_152818_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152853_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)Z func_152853_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/captureFramebuffer (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)V func_152846_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setIngestServer (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V func_152824_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152836_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;)Z func_152836_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152858_b ()Z func_152858_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setPlaybackDeviceVolume (F)V func_152837_b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_177946_b (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)J func_177946_b (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/submitStreamFrame (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; func_152859_b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logError (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152820_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152832_e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getStreamInfo ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo; func_152816_j ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getChannelInfo ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo; func_152843_l ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isBroadcasting ()Z func_152850_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z func_152857_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isIngestTesting ()Z func_152825_o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isBroadcastPaused ()Z func_152839_p ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152849_q ()Z func_152849_q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getIngestServer ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; func_152833_s ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getIngestList ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList; func_152855_t ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isReady ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; func_152856_w ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getStreamTime ()J func_152844_x ()J
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152848_y ()Z func_152848_y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatEmoticonDataDownloadCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatEmoticonDataDownloadCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatInitializationCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatInitializationCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatShutdownCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatShutdownCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; values ()[Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176040_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; func_176040_a ()Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176035_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState;)V func_176035_a (Lbqk$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176032_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176032_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176038_a (Z)Z func_176038_a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176037_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_176037_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176031_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176031_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatBadgeDataDownloadCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatBadgeDataDownloadCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelMembershipCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatEvent;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatChannelInfo;)V chatChannelMembershipCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatEvent;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelRawMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V chatChannelRawMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelTokenizedMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V chatChannelTokenizedMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelUserChangeCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V chatChannelUserChangeCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatClearCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V chatClearCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatStatusCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatStatusCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176036_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176036_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176034_g ()Z func_176034_g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176041_h ()V func_176041_h ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176039_i ()V func_176039_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176033_j ()V func_176033_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176030_k ()V func_176030_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState; values ()[Lbqk$c;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode; values ()[Lbqk$d;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V func_176017_a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176021_d ()V func_176021_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176024_e ()V func_176024_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175985_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V func_175985_a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152990_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener;)V func_152990_a (Lbqk$e;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152984_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152984_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175986_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_175986_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175987_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z func_175987_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152994_a (Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V func_152994_a (Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152998_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152998_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175990_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_175990_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175989_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; func_175989_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_153000_j ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState; func_153000_j ()Lbqk$c;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152986_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_152986_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175991_l (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_175991_l (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175984_n ()Z func_175984_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152995_h (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152995_h (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152993_m ()Z func_152993_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175988_p ()V func_175988_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152997_n ()V func_152997_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_153001_r ()V func_153001_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152988_s ()V func_152988_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152996_t ()V func_152996_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/bufferUnlockCallback (J)V bufferUnlockCallback (J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$2/statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener/func_152907_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V func_152907_a (Lbql;Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState; values ()[Lbql$b;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153042_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener;)V func_153042_a (Lbql$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153034_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V func_153034_a (Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153036_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z func_153036_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153035_b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V func_153035_b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153040_c ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; func_153040_c ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153029_c (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z func_153029_c (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153028_p ()I func_153028_p ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153032_e ()Z func_153032_e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153030_h ()F func_153030_h ()F
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_176004_j ()V func_176004_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153041_j ()V func_153041_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153039_l ()V func_153039_l ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153037_m ()J func_153037_m ()J
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153038_n ()V func_153038_n ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153031_o ()V func_153031_o ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; values ()[Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152928_D ()Z func_152928_D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152913_F ()Z func_152913_F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152929_G ()Z func_152929_G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; func_152918_H ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V func_152911_a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V func_176026_a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V func_152910_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/shutdownStream ()V func_152923_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152935_j ()V func_152935_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152922_k ()V func_152922_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152936_l ()Z func_152936_l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z func_152924_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isBroadcasting ()Z func_152934_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isPaused ()Z func_152919_o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/requestCommercial ()V func_152931_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/pause ()V func_152916_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/unpause ()V func_152933_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/updateStreamVolume ()V func_152915_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152930_t ()V func_152930_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/stopBroadcasting ()V func_152914_u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152909_x ()V func_152909_x ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; func_152932_y ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152908_z ()Z func_152908_z ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152920_A ()I func_152920_A ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152927_B ()Z func_152927_B ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152928_D ()Z func_152928_D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152913_F ()Z func_152913_F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152929_G ()Z func_152929_G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; func_152918_H ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152942_I ()V func_152942_I ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; G ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152895_a ()V func_152895_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamFps (F)I func_152948_a (F)I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V func_152911_a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V func_176026_a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152891_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V func_152891_a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V func_176017_a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152907_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V func_152907_a (Lbql;Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController; a (Lbqn;)Lbqj;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; a (Lbqn;Lbqm$a;)Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176027_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V func_176027_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176028_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;I)Z func_176028_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V func_152910_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152899_b ()V func_152899_b ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamKbps (F)I func_152946_b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController; b (Lbqn;)Lbqk;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152901_c ()V func_152901_c ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamBps (F)F func_152947_c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176021_d ()V func_176021_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176024_e ()V func_176024_e ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/shutdownStream ()V func_152923_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152935_j ()V func_152935_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152922_k ()V func_152922_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152936_l ()Z func_152936_l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z func_152924_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isBroadcasting ()Z func_152934_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isPaused ()Z func_152919_o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/requestCommercial ()V func_152931_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/pause ()V func_152916_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/unpause ()V func_152933_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/updateStreamVolume ()V func_152915_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152930_t ()V func_152930_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/stopBroadcasting ()V func_152914_u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152909_x ()V func_152909_x ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; func_152932_y ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152908_z ()Z func_152908_z ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152920_A ()I func_152920_A ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152927_B ()Z func_152927_B ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152928_D ()Z func_152928_D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152913_F ()Z func_152913_F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152929_G ()Z func_152929_G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; func_152918_H ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152937_a ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; func_152937_a ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V func_152911_a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V func_176026_a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V func_152910_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/shutdownStream ()V func_152923_i ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152935_j ()V func_152935_j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152922_k ()V func_152922_k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152936_l ()Z func_152936_l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z func_152924_m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isBroadcasting ()Z func_152934_n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isPaused ()Z func_152919_o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/requestCommercial ()V func_152931_p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/pause ()V func_152916_q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/unpause ()V func_152933_r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/updateStreamVolume ()V func_152915_s ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152930_t ()V func_152930_t ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/stopBroadcasting ()V func_152914_u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152909_x ()V func_152909_x ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; func_152932_y ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152908_z ()Z func_152908_z ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152920_A ()I func_152920_A ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152927_B ()Z func_152927_B ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/initializeTextures ()V func_77474_a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteShader (I)V func_153180_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setLightmapTextureCoords (IFF)V func_77475_a (IFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetProgrami (II)I func_153175_a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glRenderbufferStorage (IIII)V func_153186_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glFramebufferTexture2D (IIIII)V func_153188_a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetUniformLocation (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I func_153194_a (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glShaderSource (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V func_153169_a (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBufferData (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;I)V func_176071_a (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153168_a (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V func_153181_a (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix2 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153173_a (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/areShadersSupported ()Z func_153193_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCreateShader (I)I func_153195_b (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glAttachShader (II)V func_153178_b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glFramebufferRenderbuffer (IIII)V func_153190_b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetAttribLocation (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I func_153164_b (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform2 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153177_b (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform2 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V func_153182_b (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix3 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153189_b (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/getLogText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_153172_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCompileShader (I)V func_153170_c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetShaderi (II)I func_153157_c (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBlendFunc (IIII)V func_148821_a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform3 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153191_c (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform3 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V func_153192_c (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix4 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153160_c (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCreateProgram ()I func_153183_d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUseProgram (I)V func_153161_d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetShaderInfoLog (II)Ljava/lang/String; func_153158_d (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform4 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V func_153159_d (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform4 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V func_153162_d (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenBuffers ()I func_176073_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteProgram (I)V func_153187_e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetProgramInfoLog (II)Ljava/lang/String; func_153166_e (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/useVbo ()Z func_176075_f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glLinkProgram (I)V func_153179_f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1i (II)V func_153163_f (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenFramebuffers ()I func_153165_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteBuffers (I)V func_176074_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindBuffer (II)V func_176072_g (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenRenderbuffers ()I func_153185_f ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteRenderbuffers (I)V func_153184_g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindFramebuffer (II)V func_153171_g (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/isFramebufferEnabled ()Z func_148822_b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteFramebuffers (I)V func_153174_h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindRenderbuffer (II)V func_153176_h (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/getCpu ()Ljava/lang/String; func_183029_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCheckFramebufferStatus (I)I func_153167_i (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setActiveTexture (I)V func_77473_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setClientActiveTexture (I)V func_77472_b (I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/setTime (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;I)V func_71552_a (Lm;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/addTime (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;I)V func_71553_b (Lm;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/toggleDownfall ()V func_71554_c ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; func_175772_d ()Lams;
net/minecraft/command/CommandException/getErrorObjects ()[Ljava/lang/Object; func_74844_a ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/getKey ()Ljava/lang/String; func_85089_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; func_85090_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getStackTrace ()[Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement; func_147152_a ()[Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getCoordinateInfo (DDD)Ljava/lang/String; func_85074_a (DDD)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getPrunedStackTrace (I)I func_85073_a (I)I
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addBlockInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V func_180523_a (Lc;Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addBlockInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_175750_a (Lc;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getCoordinateInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/String; func_180522_a (Lcj;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/firstTwoElementsOfStackTraceMatch (Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;)Z func_85069_a (Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;)Z
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSection (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_71507_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSectionThrowable (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V func_71499_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSectionCallable (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)V func_71500_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/appendToStringBuilder (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V func_85072_a (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/trimStackTraceEntriesFromBottom (I)V func_85070_b (I)V
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/computeNext ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object; computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/computeNext ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos; a ()Lcj$a;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object; computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I a (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I b (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/set (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos; func_181079_c (III)Lcj$a;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I c (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_177955_d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getX ()I func_177958_n ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getY ()I func_177956_o ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getZ ()I func_177952_p ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/up ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177984_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177963_a (DDD)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177982_a (III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/fromLong (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177969_a (J)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/getAllInBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_177980_a (Lcj;Lcj;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/offset (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177972_a (Lcq;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/offset (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177967_a (Lcq;I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177971_a (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/down ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177977_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/up (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177981_b (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/getAllInBoxMutable (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_177975_b (Lcj;Lcj;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/subtract (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177973_b (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/north ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177978_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/down (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177979_c (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177955_d (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/south ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177968_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/north (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177964_d (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_177955_d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/west ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177976_e ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/south (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177970_e (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/east ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177974_f ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/west (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177985_f (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/toLong ()J func_177986_g ()J
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/east (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177965_g (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getX ()D func_82615_a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getY ()D func_82617_b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getZ ()D func_82616_c ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180699_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockMetadata ()I func_82620_h ()I
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_150835_j ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getX ()D func_82615_a ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getY ()D func_82617_b ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getZ ()D func_82616_c ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180699_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockMetadata ()I func_82620_h ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; func_150835_j ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_82618_k ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$GetList/apply ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/util/List; a ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$GetList/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/next ()[Ljava/lang/Object; a ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/endOfData ()V func_179422_b ()V
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/hasNext ()Z hasNext ()Z
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/next ()Ljava/lang/Object; next ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/access$200 (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/cartesianProduct (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_179318_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/cartesianProduct (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_179321_a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/createArray (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object; func_179319_b (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/toArray (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)[Ljava/lang/Object; func_179322_b (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/arraysAsLists (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_179323_b (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/doDispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)V func_82486_a (Ladm;Lzx;ILcq;Lcz;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/spawnDispenseParticles (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_82489_a (Lck;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82482_a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/func_82488_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I func_82488_a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/validateKey ()V func_177776_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/getObjectById (I)Ljava/lang/Object; func_148754_a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/register (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_177775_a (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_82594_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_82594_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getName2 ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176719_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; func_176717_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/isVertical ()Z func_176720_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/isHorizontal ()Z func_176722_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getPlane ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane; func_176716_d ()Lcq$c;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; values ()[Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/getOffset ()I func_179524_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection; values ()[Lcq$b;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/facings ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_179516_a ()[Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/random (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_179518_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane; values ()[Lcq$c;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getIndex ()I func_176745_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/fromAngle (D)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176733_a (D)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFacingFromVector (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176737_a (FFF)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFront (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_82600_a (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateAround (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176732_a (Lcq$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFacingFromAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_181076_a (Lcq$b;Lcq$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176739_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/random (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176741_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getHorizontalIndex ()I func_176736_b ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getHorizontal (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176731_b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getAxisDirection ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection; func_176743_c ()Lcq$b;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getOpposite ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176734_d ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateY ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176746_e ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateYCCW ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176735_f ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetX ()I func_82601_c ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetY ()I func_96559_d ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetZ ()I func_82599_e ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getName2 ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176742_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getAxis ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; func_176740_k ()Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getDirectionVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_176730_m ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateX ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176744_n ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateZ ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_176738_p ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; values ()[Lcq;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem$1/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82482_a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82482_a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/getByValue (I)Ljava/lang/Object; func_148745_a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/put (Ljava/lang/Object;I)V func_148746_a (Ljava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/get (Ljava/lang/Object;)I func_148747_b (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocation/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_82618_k ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator/populateMap (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; func_179399_a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator/createMap (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Map; func_179400_b (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getObjectById (I)Ljava/lang/Object; func_148754_a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/register (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_177775_a (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_82594_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_148740_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getIDForObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)I func_148757_b (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getNameForObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_177774_c (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z func_148741_d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_179349_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleFromId (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; func_179342_a (I)Lcy;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179346_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleID ()I func_179348_c ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getArgumentCount ()I func_179345_d ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getShouldIgnoreRange ()Z func_179344_e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/hasArguments ()Z func_179343_f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; values ()[Lcy;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getX ()D func_82615_a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getY ()D func_82617_b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getZ ()D func_82616_c ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getX ()D func_82615_a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getY ()D func_82617_b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getZ ()D func_82616_c ()D
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_82594_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry/putObject (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_82595_a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/writeToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_179414_a ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getX ()F func_179415_b ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getY ()F func_179416_c ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getZ ()F func_179413_d ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_82594_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/putObject (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_82595_a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_148740_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/getKeys ()Ljava/util/Set; func_148742_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z func_148741_d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSq (DDD)D func_177954_c (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSqToCenter (DDD)D func_177957_d (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; func_177955_d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)I g (Ldf;)I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)D func_177951_i (Ldf;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getX ()I func_177958_n ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getY ()I func_177956_o ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getZ ()I func_177952_p ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/getLastTranslationUpdateTimeInMilliseconds ()J func_150827_a ()J
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToLocal (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74838_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToLocalFormatted (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74837_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToFallback (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_150826_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/canTranslate (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_94522_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/util/StringTranslate; func_74808_a ()Ldj;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/translateKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74805_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/translateKeyFormat (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74803_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/replaceWith (Ljava/util/Map;)V func_135063_a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/isKeyTranslated (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_94520_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/getLastUpdateTimeInMilliseconds ()J func_150510_c ()J
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/tryTranslateKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_135064_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/getByteArray ()[B func_150292_c ()[B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readNBT (BLjava/lang/String;Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_152449_a (BLjava/lang/String;Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/merge (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_179237_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readType (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)B func_152447_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTag (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74781_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setByte (Ljava/lang/String;B)V func_74774_a (Ljava/lang/String;B)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)V func_74780_a (Ljava/lang/String;D)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setFloat (Ljava/lang/String;F)V func_74776_a (Ljava/lang/String;F)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setInteger (Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_74768_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/createCrashReport (Ljava/lang/String;ILjava/lang/ClassCastException;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_82581_a (Ljava/lang/String;ILjava/lang/ClassCastException;)Lb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setLong (Ljava/lang/String;J)V func_74772_a (Ljava/lang/String;J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setTag (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V func_74782_a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/writeEntry (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_150298_a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setString (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_74778_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setShort (Ljava/lang/String;S)V func_74777_a (Ljava/lang/String;S)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V func_74757_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setByteArray (Ljava/lang/String;[B)V func_74773_a (Ljava/lang/String;[B)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setIntArray (Ljava/lang/String;[I)V func_74783_a (Ljava/lang/String;[I)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Ldn;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readKey (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152448_b (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTagId (Ljava/lang/String;)B func_150299_b (Ljava/lang/String;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasKey (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_150297_b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getKeySet ()Ljava/util/Set; func_150296_c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_74764_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTagList (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_150295_c (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ldu;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasNoTags ()Z func_82582_d ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getByte (Ljava/lang/String;)B func_74771_c (Ljava/lang/String;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getShort (Ljava/lang/String;)S func_74765_d (Ljava/lang/String;)S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getInteger (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_74762_e (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getLong (Ljava/lang/String;)J func_74763_f (Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getFloat (Ljava/lang/String;)F func_74760_g (Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;)D func_74769_h (Ljava/lang/String;)D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74779_i (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getByteArray (Ljava/lang/String;)[B func_74770_j (Ljava/lang/String;)[B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getIntArray (Ljava/lang/String;)[I func_74759_k (Ljava/lang/String;)[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getCompoundTag (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_74775_l (Ljava/lang/String;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_74767_n (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/removeTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_82580_o (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/getIntArray ()[I func_150302_c ()[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/removeTag (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74744_a (I)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/set (ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V func_150304_a (ILeb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/appendTag (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V func_74742_a (Leb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getCompoundTagAt (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_150305_b (I)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagCount ()I func_74745_c ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getIntArrayAt (I)[I func_150306_c (I)[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/hasNoTags ()Z func_82582_d ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getDoubleAt (I)D func_150309_d (I)D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getFloatAt (I)F func_150308_e (I)F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getTagType ()I func_150303_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getStringTagAt (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150307_f (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/get (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_179238_g (I)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker$1/read (J)V func_152450_a (J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/read (J)V func_152450_a (J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/write (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74800_a (Ldn;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/safeWrite (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/File;)V func_74793_a (Ldn;Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/writeCompressed (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V func_74799_a (Ldn;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/writeTag (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_150663_a (Leb;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/func_152455_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_152455_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_152456_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/DataInputStream;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_74794_a (Ljava/io/DataInputStream;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/File;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_74797_a (Ljava/io/File;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/readCompressed (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_74796_a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/write (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/File;)V func_74795_b (Ldn;Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/readGameProfileFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152459_a (Ldn;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/writeGameProfile (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_180708_a (Ldn;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/func_181123_a (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Z)Z func_181123_a (Leb;Leb;Z)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getCrashReport ()Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_71575_a ()Lb;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; getCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150285_a_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/hasNoTags ()Z func_82582_d ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getLong ()J func_150291_c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getInt ()I func_150287_d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getShort ()S func_150289_e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getByte ()B func_150290_f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getDouble ()D func_150286_g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getFloat ()F func_150288_h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/getId ()B func_74732_a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/createNewByType (B)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150284_a (B)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V func_152446_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V func_74734_a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150285_a_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_74737_b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/hasNoTags ()Z func_82582_d ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150489_a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Compound/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150489_a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$List/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150489_a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150489_a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/getTagFromJson (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_180713_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150312_a (Ljava/lang/String;C)I func_150312_a (Ljava/lang/String;C)I
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179269_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; func_179269_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150316_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; func_150316_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179270_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; func_179270_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179272_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; func_179272_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150310_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_150310_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179271_b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_179271_b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150314_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_150314_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150313_b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_150313_b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150311_c (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_150311_c (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/func_150502_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)[B func_150502_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)[B
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/cipher (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V func_150504_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/decipher (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; func_150503_a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/setCompressionTreshold (I)V func_179303_a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/setCompressionTreshold (I)V func_179299_a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$1/load ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$1/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$2/load ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$2/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$3/load ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$3/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$5/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$6/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; a (Lek$a;)Lff;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener;)[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener; b (Lek$a;)[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/processReceivedPackets ()V func_74428_b ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setCompressionTreshold (I)V func_179289_a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lio/netty/channel/Channel; a (Lek;)Lio/netty/channel/Channel;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setConnectionState (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState;)V func_150723_a (Lel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setNetHandler (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_150719_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/closeChannel (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_150718_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_179290_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V func_179288_a (Lff;Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/dispatchPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V func_150732_b (Lff;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/createNetworkManagerAndConnect (Ljava/net/InetAddress;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; func_181124_a (Ljava/net/InetAddress;IZ)Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/provideLocalClient (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; func_150722_a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/enableEncryption (Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)V func_150727_a (Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getRemoteAddress ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress; func_74430_c ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isLocalChannel ()Z func_150731_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelInactive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelInactive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getIsencrypted ()Z func_179292_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isChannelOpen ()Z func_150724_d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/hasNoChannel ()Z func_179291_h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getNetHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler; func_150729_e ()Lep;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getExitMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150730_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/disableAutoRead ()V func_150721_g ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/checkDisconnected ()V func_179293_l ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/flushOutboundQueue ()V func_150733_h ()V
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getId ()I func_150759_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getById (I)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; func_150760_a (I)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getFromPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; func_150752_a (Lff;)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;I)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_179244_a (Lfg;I)Lff;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getPacketId (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)Ljava/lang/Integer; func_179246_a (Lfg;Lff;)Ljava/lang/Integer;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/registerPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; func_179245_a (Lfg;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; values ()[Lel;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readByteArray ()[B func_179251_a ()[B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getVarIntSize (I)I func_150790_a (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_179255_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeNBTTagCompoundToBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_150786_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeChatComponent (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_179256_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readEnumValue (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Enum; func_179257_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Enum;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeEnumValue (Ljava/lang/Enum;)V func_179249_a (Ljava/lang/Enum;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; func_180714_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lem;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)V func_179252_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeItemStackToBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_150788_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeByteArray ([B)V func_179250_a ([B)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/alloc ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufAllocator; alloc ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufAllocator;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/array ()[B array ()[B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/arrayOffset ()I arrayOffset ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeVarIntToBuffer (I)V func_150787_b (I)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeVarLong (J)V func_179254_b (J)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (B)I bytesBefore (B)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (IB)I bytesBefore (IB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (IIB)I bytesBefore (IIB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179259_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readStringFromBuffer (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_150789_c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/capacity ()I capacity ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/capacity (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; capacity (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/clear ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; clear ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/compareTo (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)I compareTo (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/copy ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; copy ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/copy (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; copy (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179258_d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/discardReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; discardReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/discardSomeReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; discardSomeReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/duplicate ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; duplicate ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readVarIntFromBuffer ()I func_150792_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/ensureWritable (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; ensureWritable (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/ensureWritable (IZ)I ensureWritable (IZ)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readVarLong ()J func_179260_f ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByte (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByte (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByte (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByte (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByteDesc (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByteDesc (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByteDesc (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByteDesc (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUuid ()Ljava/util/UUID; func_179253_g ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBoolean (I)Z getBoolean (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getByte (I)B getByte (I)B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILjava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I getBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getChar (I)C getChar (I)C
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getDouble (I)D getDouble (I)D
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getFloat (I)F getFloat (I)F
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getInt (I)I getInt (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getLong (I)J getLong (I)J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getMedium (I)I getMedium (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getShort (I)S getShort (I)S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedByte (I)S getUnsignedByte (I)S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedInt (I)J getUnsignedInt (I)J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedMedium (I)I getUnsignedMedium (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedShort (I)I getUnsignedShort (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readNBTTagCompoundFromBuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_150793_b ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hasArray ()Z hasArray ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hasMemoryAddress ()Z hasMemoryAddress ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readItemStackFromBuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_150791_c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/indexOf (IIB)I indexOf (IIB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/internalNioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; internalNioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isDirect ()Z isDirect ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isReadable ()Z isReadable ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isReadable (I)Z isReadable (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isWritable ()Z isWritable ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isWritable (I)Z isWritable (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/markReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; markReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/markWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; markWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/maxCapacity ()I maxCapacity ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/maxWritableBytes ()I maxWritableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/memoryAddress ()J memoryAddress ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBufferCount ()I nioBufferCount ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffers ()[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffers ()[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffers (II)[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffers (II)[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/order ()Ljava/nio/ByteOrder; order ()Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/order (Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; order (Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBoolean ()Z readBoolean ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readByte ()B readByte ()B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Ljava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I readBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readChar ()C readChar ()C
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readDouble ()D readDouble ()D
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readFloat ()F readFloat ()F
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readInt ()I readInt ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readLong ()J readLong ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readMedium ()I readMedium ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readShort ()S readShort ()S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readSlice (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readSlice (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedByte ()S readUnsignedByte ()S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedInt ()J readUnsignedInt ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedMedium ()I readUnsignedMedium ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedShort ()I readUnsignedShort ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readableBytes ()I readableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readerIndex ()I readerIndex ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/refCnt ()I refCnt ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/release ()Z release ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/release (I)Z release (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/resetReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; resetReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/resetWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; resetWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; retain ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain ()Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted; retain ()Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; retain (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain (I)Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted; retain (I)Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBoolean (IZ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBoolean (IZ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setByte (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setByte (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/io/InputStream;I)I setBytes (ILjava/io/InputStream;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I setBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setChar (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setChar (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setDouble (ID)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setDouble (ID)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setFloat (IF)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setFloat (IF)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setIndex (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setIndex (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setInt (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setInt (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setLong (IJ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setLong (IJ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setMedium (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setMedium (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setShort (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setShort (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setZero (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setZero (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/skipBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; skipBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/slice ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; slice ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/slice (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; slice (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString (IILjava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String; toString (IILjava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString (Ljava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String; toString (Ljava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/unwrap ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; unwrap ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writableBytes ()I writableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBoolean (Z)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBoolean (Z)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeByte (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeByte (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/io/InputStream;I)I writeBytes (Ljava/io/InputStream;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I writeBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeChar (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeChar (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeDouble (D)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeDouble (D)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeFloat (F)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeFloat (F)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeInt (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeInt (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeLong (J)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeLong (J)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeMedium (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeMedium (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeShort (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeShort (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeZero (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeZero (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writerIndex ()I writerIndex ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lff;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/INetHandler/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer2/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Ljava/util/Iterator; a (Leu;)Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getSiblings ()Ljava/util/List; func_150253_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/appendSibling (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150257_a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150255_a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/createDeepCopyIterator (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Iterator; func_150262_a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/appendText (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150258_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getChatStyle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150256_b ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getUnformattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150260_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getFormattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150254_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/shouldAllowInChat ()Z func_150674_a ()Z
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/getValueByCanonicalName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; func_150672_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/getCanonicalName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150673_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; values ()[Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; func_150669_a ()Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150668_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/componentToJson (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Ljava/lang/String; func_150696_a (Leu;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Leu;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serializeChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)V func_150695_a (Lez;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)V
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/jsonToComponent (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150699_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getSiblings ()Ljava/util/List; func_150253_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/appendSibling (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150257_a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150255_a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/appendText (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150258_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getChatStyle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150256_b ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getUnformattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150260_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getFormattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150254_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150261_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150259_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentProcessor/processComponent (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179985_a (Lm;Leu;Lpk;)Leu;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/shouldAllowInChat ()Z func_150686_a ()Z
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/getValueByCanonicalName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; func_150684_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/getCanonicalName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150685_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; values ()[Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; func_150701_a ()Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/getValue ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150702_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_179997_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150261_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150259_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179995_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getObjective ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179994_h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore; func_150259_f ()Lex;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150261_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150259_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/getSelector ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179992_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector; func_150259_f ()Ley;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getColor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; func_150215_a ()La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150238_a (La;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setChatClickEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150241_a (Let;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setChatHoverEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150209_a (Lew;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setParentStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150221_a (Lez;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setBold (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150227_a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getBold ()Z func_150223_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setItalic (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150217_b (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getItalic ()Z func_150242_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setStrikethrough (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150225_c (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getStrikethrough ()Z func_150236_d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setUnderlined (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150228_d (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getUnderlined ()Z func_150234_e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setObfuscated (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150237_e (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getObfuscated ()Z func_150233_f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getChatClickEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; func_150235_h ()Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getChatHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; func_150210_i ()Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getInsertion ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179986_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getFormattingCode ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150218_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/createShallowCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150232_l ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/createDeepCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150206_m ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getColor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; func_150215_a ()La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150238_a (La;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setChatClickEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150241_a (Let;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setChatHoverEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150209_a (Lew;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setParentStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150221_a (Lez;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$502 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; a (Lez;La;)La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$702 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; a (Lez;Let;)Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$802 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; a (Lez;Lew;)Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$602 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setBold (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150227_a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setInsertion (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_179989_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getBold ()Z func_150223_b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; b (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; b (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setItalic (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150217_b (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getItalic ()Z func_150242_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; c (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; c (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setStrikethrough (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150225_c (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getStrikethrough ()Z func_150236_d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; d (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; d (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setUnderlined (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150228_d (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getUnderlined ()Z func_150234_e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; e (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$402 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; e (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setObfuscated (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150237_e (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getObfuscated ()Z func_150233_f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; f (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/isEmpty ()Z func_150229_g ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; g (Lez;)La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getChatClickEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; func_150235_h ()Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/String; h (Lez;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getChatHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; func_150210_i ()Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; i (Lez;)Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getInsertion ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179986_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; j (Lez;)Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getFormattingCode ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150218_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/createShallowCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150232_l ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/createDeepCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150206_m ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getParent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; func_150224_n ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/isAllowedCharacter (C)Z func_71566_a (C)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/filterAllowedCharacters (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71565_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150261_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150259_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/getChatComponentText_TextValue ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150265_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText; func_150259_f ()Lfa;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getFormatArgumentAsComponent (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150272_a (I)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150255_a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/initializeFromFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_150269_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150261_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150259_f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/ensureInitialized ()V func_150270_g ()V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation; func_150259_f ()Lfb;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getKey ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150268_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getFormatArgs ()[Ljava/lang/Object; func_150271_j ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/Packet/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/Packet/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/Packet/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection; values ()[Lfg;
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil/checkThreadAndEnqueue (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;Lnet/minecraft/util/IThreadListener;)V func_180031_a (Lff;Lep;Lod;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180055_a ()I func_180055_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180053_a (I)Ljava/util/Set; func_180053_a (I)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180056_a (Ljava/util/Set;)I func_180056_a (Ljava/util/Set;)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180054_b (I)Z func_180054_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags; values ()[Lfi$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getX ()D func_148932_c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getY ()D func_148928_d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getZ ()D func_148933_e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getYaw ()F func_148931_f ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getPitch ()F func_148930_g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/func_179834_f ()Ljava/util/Set; func_179834_f ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerPosLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook;)V func_147258_a (Lfi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnObject (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject;)V func_147235_a (Lfk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnExperienceOrb (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb;)V func_147286_a (Lfl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnGlobalEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity;)V func_147292_a (Lfm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnMob (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob;)V func_147281_a (Lfn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPainting (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting;)V func_147288_a (Lfo;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer;)V func_147237_a (Lfp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation;)V func_147279_a (Lfq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleStatistics (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics;)V func_147293_a (Lfr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockBreakAnim (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim;)V func_147294_a (Lfs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity;)V func_147273_a (Lft;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction;)V func_147261_a (Lfu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange;)V func_147234_a (Lfv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleServerDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty;)V func_175101_a (Lfw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete;)V func_147274_a (Lfx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChat (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat;)V func_147251_a (Lfy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMultiBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)V func_147287_a (Lfz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction;)V func_147239_a (Lga;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow;)V func_147276_a (Lgb;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleOpenWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow;)V func_147265_a (Lgc;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowItems (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems;)V func_147241_a (Lgd;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowProperty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty;)V func_147245_a (Lge;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetSlot (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot;)V func_147266_a (Lgf;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCustomPayload (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload;)V func_147240_a (Lgg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect;)V func_147253_a (Lgh;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus;)V func_147236_a (Lgi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT;)V func_175097_a (Lgj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion;)V func_147283_a (Lgk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetCompressionLevel (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel;)V func_175100_a (Lgl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChangeGameState (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState;)V func_147252_a (Lgm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive;)V func_147272_a (Lgn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData;)V func_147263_a (Lgo;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMapChunkBulk (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk;)V func_147269_a (Lgp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect;)V func_147277_a (Lgq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleParticles (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles;)V func_147289_a (Lgr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSoundEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect;)V func_147255_a (Lgs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleJoinGame (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame;)V func_147282_a (Lgt;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMaps (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps;)V func_147264_a (Lgu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMovement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity;)V func_147259_a (Lgv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSignEditorOpen (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen;)V func_147268_a (Lgw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities;)V func_147270_a (Lgx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCombatEvent (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent;)V func_175098_a (Lgy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem;)V func_147256_a (Lgz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUseBed (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed;)V func_147278_a (Lha;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDestroyEntities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities;)V func_147238_a (Lhb;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleRemoveEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect;)V func_147262_a (Lhc;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend;)V func_175095_a (Lhd;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleRespawn (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn;)V func_147280_a (Lhe;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityHeadLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook;)V func_147267_a (Lhf;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder;)V func_175093_a (Lhg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCamera (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera;)V func_175094_a (Lhh;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange;)V func_147257_a (Lhi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisplayScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard;)V func_147254_a (Lhj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata;)V func_147284_a (Lhk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityAttach (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach;)V func_147243_a (Lhl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityVelocity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity;)V func_147244_a (Lhm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEquipment (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment;)V func_147242_a (Lhn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetExperience (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience;)V func_147295_a (Lho;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateHealth (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth;)V func_147249_a (Lhp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleScoreboardObjective (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective;)V func_147291_a (Lhq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTeams (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams;)V func_147247_a (Lhr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateScore (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore;)V func_147250_a (Lhs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition;)V func_147271_a (Lht;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTimeUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate;)V func_147285_a (Lhu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTitle (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle;)V func_175099_a (Lhv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign;)V func_147248_a (Lhw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListHeaderFooter (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter;)V func_175096_a (Lhx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCollectItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem;)V func_147246_a (Lhy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityTeleport (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport;)V func_147275_a (Lhz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityProperties (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties;)V func_147290_a (Lia;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect;)V func_147260_a (Lib;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getEntityID ()I func_149001_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setX (I)V func_148996_a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getX ()I func_148997_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setY (I)V func_148995_b (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getY ()I func_148998_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setZ (I)V func_149005_c (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getZ ()I func_148994_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedX (I)V func_149003_d (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedX ()I func_149010_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedY (I)V func_149000_e (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedY ()I func_149004_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedZ (I)V func_149007_f (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedZ ()I func_148999_i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/func_149002_g (I)V func_149002_g (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getPitch ()I func_149008_j ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getYaw ()I func_149006_k ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getType ()I func_148993_l ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/func_149009_m ()I func_149009_m ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getEntityID ()I func_148985_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getX ()I func_148984_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getY ()I func_148983_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getZ ()I func_148982_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getXPValue ()I func_148986_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149052_c ()I func_149052_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149051_d ()I func_149051_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149050_e ()I func_149050_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149049_f ()I func_149049_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149053_g ()I func_149053_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/func_149027_c ()Ljava/util/List; func_149027_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getEntityID ()I func_149024_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getEntityType ()I func_149025_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getX ()I func_149023_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getY ()I func_149034_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getZ ()I func_149029_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityX ()I func_149026_i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityY ()I func_149033_j ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityZ ()I func_149031_k ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getYaw ()B func_149028_l ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getPitch ()B func_149030_m ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getHeadPitch ()B func_149032_n ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getEntityID ()I func_148965_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179837_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_179836_c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getTitle ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148961_h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/func_148944_c ()Ljava/util/List; func_148944_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getEntityID ()I func_148943_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getPlayer ()Ljava/util/UUID; func_179819_c ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getX ()I func_148942_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getY ()I func_148949_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getZ ()I func_148946_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getYaw ()B func_148941_i ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getPitch ()B func_148945_j ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getCurrentItemID ()I func_148947_k ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/getEntityID ()I func_148978_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/getAnimationType ()I func_148977_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/func_148974_c ()Ljava/util/Map; func_148974_c ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getBreakerId ()I func_148845_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179821_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getProgress ()I func_148846_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179823_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getTileEntityType ()I func_148853_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getNbtCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_148857_g ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getBlockPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179825_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getData1 ()I func_148869_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getData2 ()I func_148864_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_148868_c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180728_a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/getBlockPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179827_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/isDifficultyLocked ()Z func_179830_a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_179831_b ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/func_149630_c ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_149630_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_148915_c ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/isChat ()Z func_148916_d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/getType ()B func_179841_c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180090_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/func_180089_b ()S func_180089_b ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180088_c ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/getChangedBlocks ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData; func_179844_a ()[Lfz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; a (Lfz;)Ladg;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS; values ()[Lg$a;
net/minecraft/util/Util/getOSType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS; func_110647_a ()Lg$a;
net/minecraft/util/Util/runTask (Ljava/util/concurrent/FutureTask;Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_181617_a (Ljava/util/concurrent/FutureTask;Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/getWindowId ()I func_148889_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/getActionNumber ()S func_148890_d ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/func_148888_e ()Z func_148888_e ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getWindowId ()I func_148901_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getGuiId ()Ljava/lang/String; func_148902_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getWindowTitle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179840_c ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getSlotCount ()I func_148898_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getEntityId ()I func_148897_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/hasSlots ()Z func_148900_g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/func_148911_c ()I func_148911_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/getItemStacks ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_148910_d ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getWindowId ()I func_149182_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getVarIndex ()I func_149181_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getVarValue ()I func_149180_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149175_c ()I func_149175_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149173_d ()I func_149173_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149174_e ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_149174_e ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/getChannelName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149169_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/getBufferData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; func_180735_b ()Lem;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/getReason ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_149165_c ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/getOpCode ()B func_149160_c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_149161_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_179763_a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_179764_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149149_c ()F func_149149_c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149144_d ()F func_149144_d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149147_e ()F func_149147_e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getX ()D func_149148_f ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getY ()D func_149143_g ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getZ ()D func_149145_h ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getStrength ()F func_149146_i ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getAffectedBlockPositions ()Ljava/util/List; func_149150_j ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/getThreshold ()I func_179760_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/getGameState ()I func_149138_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/func_149137_d ()F func_149137_d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/func_149134_c ()I func_149134_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedDataBytes ()[B func_149272_d ()[B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_180737_a (IZZ)I func_180737_a (IZZ)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;ZZI)Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted; func_179756_a (Lamy;ZZI)Lgo$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_179757_a ([B[BI)I func_179757_a ([B[BI)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getChunkX ()I func_149273_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getChunkZ ()I func_149271_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedSize ()I func_149276_g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_149274_i ()Z func_149274_i ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkCount ()I func_149254_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkX (I)I func_149255_a (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkZ (I)I func_149253_b (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkBytes (I)[B func_149256_c (I)[B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkSize (I)I func_179754_d (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/isSoundServerwide ()Z func_149244_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundType ()I func_149242_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundData ()I func_149241_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179746_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; func_179749_a ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/isLongDistance ()Z func_179750_b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getXCoordinate ()D func_149220_d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getYCoordinate ()D func_149226_e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getZCoordinate ()D func_149225_f ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getXOffset ()F func_149221_g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getYOffset ()F func_149224_h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getZOffset ()F func_149223_i ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleSpeed ()F func_149227_j ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleCount ()I func_149222_k ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleArgs ()[I func_179748_k ()[I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getSoundName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149212_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getX ()D func_149207_d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getY ()D func_149211_e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getZ ()D func_149210_f ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getVolume ()F func_149208_g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getPitch ()F func_149209_h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getEntityId ()I func_149197_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/isHardcoreMode ()Z func_149195_d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_149198_e ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getDimension ()I func_149194_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_149192_g ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getMaxPlayers ()I func_149193_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_149196_i ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/isReducedDebugInfo ()Z func_179744_h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/getMapId ()I func_149188_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/setMapdataTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V func_179734_a (Latg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149062_c ()B func_149062_c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_149065_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149061_d ()B func_149061_d ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149064_e ()B func_149064_e ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149066_f ()B func_149066_f ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149063_g ()B func_149063_g ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149060_h ()Z func_149060_h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/getOnGround ()Z func_179742_g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/getSignPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179777_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isInvulnerable ()Z func_149112_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlySpeed (F)V func_149104_a (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setInvulnerable (Z)V func_149108_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isFlying ()Z func_149106_d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setWalkSpeed (F)V func_149110_b (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlying (Z)V func_149102_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isAllowFlying ()Z func_149105_e ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setAllowFlying (Z)V func_149109_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isCreativeMode ()Z func_149103_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setCreativeMode (Z)V func_149111_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/getFlySpeed ()F func_149101_g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/getWalkSpeed ()F func_149107_h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event; values ()[Lgy$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action; values ()[Lgz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_179962_a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getPing ()I func_179963_b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getGameMode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_179960_c ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179961_d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/getEntries ()Ljava/util/List; func_179767_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action; func_179768_b ()Lgz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152372_a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/getBedPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179798_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/getPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_149091_a (Ladm;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/getEntityIDs ()[I func_149098_c ()[I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/getEntityId ()I func_149076_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/getEffectId ()I func_149075_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/getURL ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179783_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/getHash ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179784_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getDimensionID ()I func_149082_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_149081_d ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_149083_e ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; func_149080_f ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/getYaw ()B func_149380_c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_149381_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action; values ()[Lhg$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/func_179788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;)V func_179788_a (Lams;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_179780_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/getHeldItemHotbarIndex ()I func_149385_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/func_149371_c ()I func_149371_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/func_149370_d ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149370_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/func_149376_c ()Ljava/util/List; func_149376_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/getEntityId ()I func_149375_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getLeash ()I func_149404_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getEntityId ()I func_149403_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getVehicleEntityId ()I func_149402_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getEntityID ()I func_149412_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionX ()I func_149411_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionY ()I func_149410_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionZ ()I func_149409_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_149390_c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getEntityID ()I func_149389_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getEquipmentSlot ()I func_149388_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/func_149397_c ()F func_149397_c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/getTotalExperience ()I func_149396_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/getLevel ()I func_149395_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getHealth ()F func_149332_c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getFoodLevel ()I func_149330_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getSaturationLevel ()F func_149331_e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149339_c ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149339_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149337_d ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149337_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149338_e ()I func_149338_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_179817_d ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; func_179817_d ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149312_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149306_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getPrefix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149311_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149309_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getPlayers ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_149310_g ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getAction ()I func_149307_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getFriendlyFlags ()I func_149308_i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getColor ()I func_179813_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getNameTagVisibility ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179814_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action; values ()[Lhs$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getPlayerName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149324_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getObjectiveName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149321_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getScoreValue ()I func_149323_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getScoreAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action; func_180751_d ()Lhs$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/getSpawnPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179800_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/getTotalWorldTime ()J func_149366_c ()J
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/getWorldTime ()J func_149365_d ()J
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/getNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_179971_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; func_179969_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; values ()[Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; func_179807_a ()Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179805_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getFadeInTime ()I func_179806_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getDisplayTime ()I func_179804_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getFadeOutTime ()I func_179803_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179704_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/getLines ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_180753_b ()[Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/getHeader ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179700_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/getFooter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179701_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/getCollectedItemEntityID ()I func_149354_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/getEntityID ()I func_149353_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getEntityId ()I func_149451_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getX ()I func_149449_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getY ()I func_149448_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getZ ()I func_149446_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getYaw ()B func_149450_g ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getPitch ()B func_149447_h ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getOnGround ()Z func_179697_g ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179628_a ()D func_179628_a ()D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179629_b ()D func_179629_b ()D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179630_c ()Z func_179630_c ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseCoordinate (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg; func_175767_a (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)Li$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseCoordinate (DLjava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg; func_175770_a (DLjava/lang/String;Z)Li$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/setAdminCommander (Lnet/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand;)V func_71529_a (Lh;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_175755_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D func_180526_a (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D func_175756_a (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_180528_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I func_175764_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseLong (Ljava/lang/String;JJ)J func_175760_a (Ljava/lang/String;JJ)J
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/doesStringStartWith (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_71523_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/joinNiceStringFromCollection (Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/lang/String; func_96333_a (Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/join (Ljava/util/List;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_180530_a (Ljava/util/List;)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;)I a (Lk;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_82359_c (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175759_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152374_a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152373_a (Lm;Lk;Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getChatComponentFromNthArg (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_147178_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175757_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/joinNiceString ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71527_a ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/buildString ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; func_180529_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_175771_a ([Ljava/lang/String;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_175771_a ([Ljava/lang/String;ILcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getListOfStringsMatchingLastWord ([Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/util/List; func_175762_a ([Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getListOfStringsMatchingLastWord ([Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_71530_a ([Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; func_71514_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)D func_175769_b (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (DLjava/lang/String;Z)D func_175761_b (DLjava/lang/String;Z)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseLong (Ljava/lang/String;)J func_175766_b (Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getCommandSenderAsPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_71521_c (Lm;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175768_b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getChatComponentFromNthArg (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_147176_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_181043_b ([Ljava/lang/String;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_181043_b ([Ljava/lang/String;ILcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;)D func_175765_c (Ljava/lang/String;)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_175763_c (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_175763_c (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_180527_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_96332_d (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntityName (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_175758_e (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getItemByText (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_147179_f (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getBlockByText (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_147180_g (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151409_a ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151409_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151410_b ()D func_151410_b ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151408_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_151408_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/getEntityId ()I func_149442_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/func_149441_d ()Ljava/util/List; func_149441_d ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/func_149429_c ()Z func_149429_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V func_148833_a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getEntityId ()I func_149426_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getEffectId ()B func_149427_e ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getAmplifier ()B func_149428_f ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getDuration ()I func_180755_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/func_179707_f ()Z func_179707_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete;)V func_147341_a (Lid;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage;)V func_147354_a (Lie;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClientStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus;)V func_147342_a (Lig;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V func_147352_a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction;)V func_147339_a (Lii;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem;)V func_147338_a (Lij;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClickWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow;)V func_147351_a (Lik;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow;)V func_147356_a (Lil;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processVanilla250Packet (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload;)V func_147349_a (Lim;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processUseEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity;)V func_147340_a (Lin;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive;)V func_147353_a (Lio;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)V func_147347_a (Lip;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities;)V func_147348_a (Liq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerDigging (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging;)V func_147345_a (Lir;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processEntityAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction;)V func_147357_a (Lis;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processInput (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput;)V func_147358_a (Lit;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleResourcePackStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus;)V func_175086_a (Liu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange;)V func_147355_a (Liv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processCreativeInventoryAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction;)V func_147344_a (Liw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign;)V func_147343_a (Lix;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation;)V func_175087_a (Liy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleSpectate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate;)V func_175088_a (Liz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerBlockPlacement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement;)V func_147346_a (Lja;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149419_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/getTargetBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179709_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149439_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState; values ()[Lig$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState; func_149435_c ()Lig$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getLang ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149524_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getChatVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; func_149523_e ()Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/isColorsEnabled ()Z func_149520_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getModelPartFlags ()I func_149521_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/getWindowId ()I func_149532_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/getUid ()S func_149533_d ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/getWindowId ()I func_149539_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/getButton ()I func_149537_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getWindowId ()I func_149548_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getSlotId ()I func_149544_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getUsedButton ()I func_149543_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getActionNumber ()S func_149547_f ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getClickedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_149546_g ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getMode ()I func_149542_h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/getChannelName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149559_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/getBufferData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; func_180760_b ()Lem;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action; values ()[Lin$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action; func_149565_c ()Lin$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getEntityFromWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_149564_a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getHitVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_179712_b ()Laui;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/getKey ()I func_149460_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionX ()D func_149464_c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/setMoving (Z)V func_149469_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionY ()D func_149467_d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionZ ()D func_149472_e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getYaw ()F func_149462_g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPitch ()F func_149470_h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/isOnGround ()Z func_149465_i ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/isMoving ()Z func_149466_j ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getRotating ()Z func_149463_k ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isInvulnerable ()Z func_149494_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlySpeed (F)V func_149485_a (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setInvulnerable (Z)V func_149490_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isFlying ()Z func_149488_d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setWalkSpeed (F)V func_149492_b (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlying (Z)V func_149483_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isAllowFlying ()Z func_149486_e ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setAllowFlying (Z)V func_149491_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isCreativeMode ()Z func_149484_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setCreativeMode (Z)V func_149493_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action; values ()[Lir$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179715_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_179714_b ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action; func_180762_c ()Lir$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action; values ()[Lis$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action; func_180764_b ()Lis$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/getAuxData ()I func_149512_e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/getStrafeSpeed ()F func_149620_c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/getForwardSpeed ()F func_149616_d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/isJumping ()Z func_149618_e ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/isSneaking ()Z func_149617_f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action; values ()[Liu$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/getSlotId ()I func_149614_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/getSlotId ()I func_149627_c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_149625_d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179722_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/getLines ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_180768_b ()[Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_179727_a (Lle;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; func_71555_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/registerCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;)Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand; func_71560_a (Lk;)Lk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getUsernameIndex (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;[Ljava/lang/String;)I func_82370_a (Lk;[Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; func_71557_a (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)I func_71556_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180524_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/tryExecute (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_175786_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lk;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/dropFirstString ([Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; func_71559_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179724_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V func_148833_a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockDirection ()I func_149568_f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_149574_g ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetX ()F func_149573_h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetY ()F func_149569_i ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetZ ()F func_149575_j ()F
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/getRequestedState ()Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; func_149594_c ()Lel;
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer;)V func_148833_a (Ljd;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/getProtocolVersion ()I func_149595_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V func_147383_a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleLoginSuccess (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess;)V func_147390_a (Ljg;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleEncryptionRequest (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest;)V func_147389_a (Ljh;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleEnableCompression (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression;)V func_180464_a (Lji;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect;)V func_147388_a (Ljj;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_179730_a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getServerId ()Ljava/lang/String; func_149609_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getPublicKey ()Ljava/security/PublicKey; func_149608_d ()Ljava/security/PublicKey;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getVerifyToken ()[B func_149607_e ()[B
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/getCompressionTreshold ()I func_179731_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/func_149603_c ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_149603_c ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer/processLoginStart (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart;)V func_147316_a (Ljl;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer/processEncryptionResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse;)V func_147315_a (Ljm;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_149304_c ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer;)V func_148833_a (Ljk;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/getSecretKey (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; func_149300_a (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer;)V func_148833_a (Ljk;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/getVerifyToken (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)[B func_149299_b (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)[B
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V func_147398_a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V func_147397_a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljp;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/getResponse ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; func_149294_c ()Ljs;
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient;)V func_148833_a (Ljp;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs$a;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getMaxPlayers ()I func_151332_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/setPlayers ([Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_151330_a ([Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getOnlinePlayerCount ()I func_151333_b ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getPlayers ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_151331_c ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs$c;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs$c;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151303_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/getProtocol ()I func_151304_b ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getServerDescription ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151317_a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setServerDescription (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_151315_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setFavicon (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_151320_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setPlayerCountData (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData;)V func_151319_a (Ljs$a;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setProtocolVersionInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier;)V func_151321_a (Ljs$c;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getPlayerCountData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData; func_151318_b ()Ljs$a;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getProtocolVersionInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier; func_151322_c ()Ljs$c;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getFavicon ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151316_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer/processPing (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing;)V func_147311_a (Lju;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer/processServerQuery (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery;)V func_147312_a (Ljv;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/getClientTime ()J func_149289_c ()J
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer;)V func_148833_a (Ljt;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148837_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V func_148833_a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer;)V func_148833_a (Ljt;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_148840_b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/getResourcePath ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110623_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/splitObjectName (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; func_177516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/getResourceDomain ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110624_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; func_71514_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/func_82498_a ()F func_82498_a ()F
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/func_82500_b ()F func_82500_b ()F
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$1/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$10/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/func_82498_a ()F func_82498_a ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/func_82500_b ()F func_82500_b ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/func_82498_a ()F func_82498_a ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/func_82500_b ()F func_82500_b ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82482_a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$13/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$14/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$14/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$15/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$15/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$2/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$3/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$6/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V func_82485_a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$9/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; func_82499_a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/isRegistered ()Z func_179869_a ()Z
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/printToSYSOUT (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_179870_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/registerDispenserBehaviors ()V func_151353_a ()V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/register ()V func_151354_b ()V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/redirectOutputToLog ()V func_179868_d ()V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/func_151373_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_151373_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lkc$a;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/func_151372_b ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151372_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lkc$a;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151379_a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException; func_151379_a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)Lkc;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151380_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_151380_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151381_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_151381_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/hasAcceptedEULA ()Z func_154346_a ()Z
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/loadEULAFile (Ljava/io/File;)Z func_154347_a (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/createEULAFile ()V func_154348_b ()V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/logString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_179882_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/println (Ljava/lang/Object;)V println (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/println (Ljava/lang/String;)V println (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException/fillInStackTrace ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; fillInStackTrace ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71277_t ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getPort ()I func_71234_u ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71274_v ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMinecraftVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71249_w ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I func_71233_x ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMaxPlayers ()I func_71275_y ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_71213_z ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/isDebuggingEnabled ()Z func_71239_B ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getFolderName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71270_I ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/saveProperties ()V func_71326_a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_71327_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_71328_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71330_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/handleRConCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71252_i (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getSettingsFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71329_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getPlugins ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71258_A ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71244_g (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71236_h (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71201_j (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71198_k (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/setObjectiveInDisplaySlot (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96530_a (ILauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onScoreObjectiveAdded (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96522_a (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/broadcastTeamCreated (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96523_a (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96536_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)V func_96536_a (Laum;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96547_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData;)V func_96547_a (Laup;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/removePlayerFromTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96512_b (Ljava/lang/String;Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/addPlayerToTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151392_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/markSaveDataDirty ()V func_96551_b ()V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onObjectiveDisplayNameChanged (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96532_b (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/sendTeamUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96538_b (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onScoreObjectiveRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96533_c (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96513_c (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V func_96513_c (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96550_d (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/List; func_96550_d (Lauk;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96549_e (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96549_e (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96548_f (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/List; func_96548_f (Lauk;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/sendDisplaySlotRemovalPackets (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V func_96546_g (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96552_h (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)I func_96552_h (Lauk;)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/generateNewProperties ()V func_73666_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_73669_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getLongProperty (Ljava/lang/String;J)J func_179885_a (Ljava/lang/String;J)J
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_73667_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_73671_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getBooleanProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z func_73670_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/saveProperties ()V func_73668_b ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getPropertiesFile ()Ljava/io/File; func_73665_c ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/util/ITickable/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadOpsList ()V func_72417_t ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveOpsList ()V func_72419_u ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/readWhiteList ()V func_72418_v ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveWhiteList ()V func_72421_w ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadWhiteList ()V func_72362_j ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/addOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152605_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/setWhiteListEnabled (Z)V func_72371_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer; func_72365_p ()Lko;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/removeOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152610_b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_72365_p ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/removePlayerFromWhitelist (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152597_c (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/addWhitelistedPlayer (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152601_d (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/canJoin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_152607_e (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_183023_f (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveIpBanList ()V func_152618_v ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveUserBanList ()V func_152617_w ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadIpBanList ()V func_152619_x ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadUserBansList ()V func_152620_y ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/updateTimeLightAndEntities ()V func_71190_q ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getAllowNether ()Z func_71255_r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/allowSpawnMonsters ()Z func_71193_K ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/saveProperties ()V func_71326_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isBlockProtected (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_175579_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71235_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_71206_a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V func_71228_a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_71327_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_71328_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71330_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addPendingCommand (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)V func_71331_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lm;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getBooleanProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z func_71332_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70000_a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isAnnouncingPlayerAchievements ()Z func_147136_ar ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getMaxWorldSize ()I func_175580_aG ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getNetworkCompressionTreshold ()I func_175577_aI ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/executePendingCommands ()V func_71333_ah ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList; func_71203_ab ()Lkn;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setGuiEnabled ()V func_120011_ar ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/convertFiles ()Z func_152368_aE ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getMaxTickTime ()J func_175593_aQ ()J
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; aT ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/sleepFiveSeconds ()V func_152369_aG ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/handleRConCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71252_i (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z func_70002_Q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z func_71262_S ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z func_181035_ah ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z func_82356_Z ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; func_71203_ab ()Llx;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getGuiEnabled ()Z func_71279_ae ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getSpawnProtectionSize ()I func_82357_ak ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getSettingsFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71329_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_71230_b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setPlayerIdleTimeout (I)V func_143006_e (I)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getPlugins ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71258_A ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/startServer ()Z func_71197_b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z func_71225_e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_71265_f ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_147135_j ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isHardcore ()Z func_71199_h ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I func_110455_j ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z func_181034_q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z func_183002_r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/systemExitNow ()V func_71240_o ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/scheduleHalt ()V func_180248_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$1/windowClosing (Ljava/awt/event/WindowEvent;)V windowClosing (Ljava/awt/event/WindowEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$3/focusGained (Ljava/awt/event/FocusEvent;)V focusGained (Ljava/awt/event/FocusEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getStatsComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; func_120019_b ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/func_164247_a (Ljavax/swing/JTextArea;Ljavax/swing/JScrollPane;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_164247_a (Ljavax/swing/JTextArea;Ljavax/swing/JScrollPane;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/createServerGui (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer;)V func_120016_a (Lko;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui;)Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer; a (Lkr;)Lko;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getPlayerListComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; func_120020_c ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getLogComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; func_120018_d ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent$1/actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/func_120034_a ()V func_120034_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent;)V a (Lkt;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/func_120035_a ([J)D func_120035_a ([J)D
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/paint (Ljava/awt/Graphics;)V paint (Ljava/awt/Graphics;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/setPartialBlockDamage (I)V func_73107_a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180246_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/setCloudUpdateTick (I)V func_82744_b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getPartialBlockDamage ()I func_73106_e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getCreationCloudUpdateTick ()I func_82743_f ()I
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/updateBlockRemoving ()V func_73075_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/blockRemoving (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180785_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_180784_a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/tryUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_73085_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/activateBlockOrUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180236_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/tryHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180237_b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/sendDemoReminder ()V func_73101_e ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177694_a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V func_177693_a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V func_177692_a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177691_a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177696_b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177690_b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177695_c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/saveLevel ()V func_73042_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_175643_b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; func_71555_a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; func_71557_a (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)I func_71556_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180524_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/updateTrackedEntities ()V func_72788_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_180245_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_180245_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_85172_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_85172_a (Llf;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72786_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;II)V func_72791_a (Lpk;II)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/addEntityToTracker (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIZ)V func_72785_a (Lpk;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/sendToAllTrackingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_151247_a (Lpk;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/removePlayerFromTrackers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72787_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/untrackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72790_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_151248_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_151248_b (Lpk;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V func_147585_a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180440_a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V func_180442_a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174960_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_72704_a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174961_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72703_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180439_a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V func_85102_a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180441_b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_174959_b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72709_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/processChunk ()V func_111194_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/flagChunkForUpdate (III)V func_151253_a (III)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/sendTileToAllPlayersWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_151252_a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/increaseInhabitedTime (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_111196_a (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/sendToAllPlayersWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_151251_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; a (Llc$a;)Ladg;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/addPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_73255_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/onUpdate ()V func_73254_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance;)Ljava/util/List; b (Llc$a;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/removePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_73252_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getWorldServer ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; func_72688_a ()Lle;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/setPlayerViewRadius (I)V func_152622_a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/hasPlayerInstance (II)Z func_152621_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/overlaps (IIIII)Z func_72684_a (IIIII)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getPlayerInstance (IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance; func_72690_a (IIZ)Llc$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180244_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; a (Llc;)Lle;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/addPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72683_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/isPlayerWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;II)Z func_72694_a (Llf;II)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/updatePlayerInstances ()V func_72693_b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getFurthestViewableBlock (I)I func_72686_a (I)I
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap; b (Llc;)Lnq;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/filterChunkLoadQueue (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72691_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; c ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Ljava/util/List; c (Llc;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/removePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72695_c (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Ljava/util/List; d (Llc;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/updateMountedMovingPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72685_d (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/func_152380_a ()Ljava/util/List; func_152380_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkExists (II)Z func_73149_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180513_a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V func_73153_a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z func_177460_a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunkExtraData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_73243_a (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V func_180514_a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_177459_a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_177458_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z func_73151_a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/unloadAllChunks ()V func_73240_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/dropChunk (II)V func_73241_b (II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V func_73242_b (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveExtraData ()V func_104112_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73158_c (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z func_73156_b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73154_d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/canSave ()Z func_73157_c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadChunkFromFile (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; func_73239_e (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73148_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getLoadedChunkCount ()I func_73152_e ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveLevel ()V func_73042_a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getTileEntitiesIn (IIIIII)Ljava/util/List; func_147486_a (IIIIII)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/fireBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockEventData;)Z func_147485_a (Lade;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/initialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V func_72963_a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getPendingBlockUpdates (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Z)Ljava/util/List; func_72920_a (Lamy;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/func_175712_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Ljava/util/List; func_175712_a (Laqe;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/adjustPosToNearbyEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_175736_a (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isBlockTickPending (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_175691_a (Lcj;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/scheduleUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V func_175684_a (Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateBlockTick (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_175654_a (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDIDDDD[I)V func_175739_a (Lcy;DDDIDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;ZDDDIDDDD[I)V func_180505_a (Lcy;ZDDDIDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_152344_a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getEntityFromUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175733_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72923_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setEntityState (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;B)V func_72960_a (Lpk;B)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/newExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; func_72885_a (Lpk;DDDFZZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntityWithOptionalForce (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V func_72866_a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canCreatureTypeSpawnHere (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175732_a (Lpt;Lady$c;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getSpawnListEntryForTypeAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry; func_175734_a (Lpt;Lcj;)Lady$c;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isBlockModifiable (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_175660_a (Lwn;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/tickUpdates (Z)Z func_72955_a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveAllChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V func_73044_a (ZLnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z func_152345_ab ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/resetRainAndThunder ()V func_73051_P ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canSpawnNPCs ()Z func_175738_ah ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canSpawnAnimals ()Z func_175735_ai ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setDebugWorldSettings ()V func_175737_aj ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/sendQueuedBlockEvents ()V func_147488_Z ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_175643_b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V func_73052_b (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/scheduleBlockUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_180497_b (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_72847_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/tick ()V func_72835_b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V func_175641_c (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addWeatherEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_72942_c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateAllPlayersSleepingFlag ()V func_72854_c ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/wakeAllPlayers ()V func_73053_d ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/areAllPlayersAsleep ()Z func_73056_e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setInitialSpawnLocation ()V func_72974_f ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateBlocks ()V func_147456_g ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntities ()V func_72939_s ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/resetUpdateEntityTick ()V func_82742_i ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; func_72970_h ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createBonusChest ()V func_73047_i ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180504_m ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveChunkData ()V func_104140_m ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/flush ()V func_73041_k ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateWeather ()V func_72979_l ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I func_152379_p ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getMinecraftServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_73046_m ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getEntityTracker ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker; func_73039_n ()Lla;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getPlayerManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager; func_73040_p ()Llc;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getDefaultTeleporter ()Lnet/minecraft/world/Teleporter; func_85176_s ()Ladu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getStatFile ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile; func_147099_x ()Lmv;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updatePotionMetadata ()V func_175135_B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getSpectatingEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175398_C ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getLastActiveTime ()J func_154331_x ()J
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getTabListDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_175396_E ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setPositionAndUpdate (DDD)V func_70634_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/handleFalling (DZ)V func_71122_b (DZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setEntityActionState (FFZZ)V func_110430_a (FFZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addExperienceLevel (I)V func_82242_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V func_180472_a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71033_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendTileEntityUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V func_147097_b (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V func_175141_a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/trySleep (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; func_180469_a (Lcj;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/handleClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V func_147100_a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/loadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_175397_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isSpectatedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z func_174827_a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/func_175145_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V func_175145_a (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_71064_a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_71007_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V func_180468_a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onNewPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70670_a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onChangedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;Z)V func_70695_b (Lpf;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70078_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onItemPickup (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_71001_a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_110298_a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_96122_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/clonePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V func_71049_a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendContainerToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;)V func_71120_a (Lxi;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V func_71112_a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71111_a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V func_71110_a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_175173_a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71048_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setItemInUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_71008_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/wakeUpPlayer (ZZZ)V func_70999_a (ZZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/removeExperienceLevel (I)V func_71013_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_146105_b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onFinishedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70688_c (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71009_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/travelToDimension (I)V func_71027_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71047_c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canPlayersAttack ()Z func_175400_cq ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getNextWindowId ()V func_71117_bO ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_152339_d (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setSpectatingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_175399_e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/attackTargetEntityWithCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71059_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addSelfToInternalCraftingInventory ()V func_71116_b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendEnterCombat ()V func_152111_bt ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateBiomesExplored ()V func_147098_j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendEndCombat ()V func_152112_bu ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onUpdateEntity ()V func_71127_g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/closeScreen ()V func_71053_j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateHeldItem ()V func_71113_k ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/closeContainer ()V func_71128_l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mountEntityAndWakeUp ()V func_71123_m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setPlayerHealthUpdated ()V func_71118_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onItemUseFinish ()V func_71036_o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendPlayerAbilities ()V func_71016_p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getServerForPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; func_71121_q ()Lle;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isSpectator ()Z func_175149_v ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getPlayerIP ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71114_r ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getChatVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; func_147096_v ()Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/markPlayerActive ()V func_143004_u ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/updateBlockRemoving ()V func_73075_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_73076_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/blockRemoving (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180785_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_180784_a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V func_73080_a (Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/tryUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_73085_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/activateBlockOrUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180236_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_73081_b ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initializeGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_73077_b (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/tryHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180237_b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/survivalOrAdventure ()Z func_180239_c ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/removeBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180235_c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/isCreative ()Z func_73083_d ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/cancelDestroyingBlock ()V func_180238_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendDestroyEntityPacketToTrackedPlayers ()V func_73119_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendPacketToTrackedPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_151259_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerList (Ljava/util/List;)V func_73122_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/removeFromTrackedPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_73118_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendMetadataToAllAssociatedPlayers ()V func_111190_b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/func_151261_b (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_151261_b (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerEntities (Ljava/util/List;)V func_73125_b (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_73117_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/createSpawnPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_151260_c ()Lff;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/func_180233_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z func_180233_c (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/removeTrackedPlayerSymmetric (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_73123_c (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/isPlayerWatchingThisChunk (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z func_73121_d (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/writeAndFlush (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V func_151256_a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/getStringBuffer (Ljava/lang/String;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; func_151255_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/channelRead (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V func_147383_a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$1/load ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$1/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$2/load ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$2/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$3/load ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup; func_179280_b ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$3/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$4/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$5/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/addLocalEndpoint ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress; func_151270_a ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/addLanEndpoint (Ljava/net/InetAddress;I)V func_151265_a (Ljava/net/InetAddress;I)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lll;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/terminateEndpoints ()V func_151268_b ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; b (Lll;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/networkTick ()V func_151269_c ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/getServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_151267_d ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/getNetworkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; func_147362_b ()Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/setPlayerLocation (DDDFF)V func_147364_a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/setPlayerLocation (DDDFFLjava/util/Set;)V func_175089_a (DDDFFLjava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_147359_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete;)V func_147341_a (Lid;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage;)V func_147354_a (Lie;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClientStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus;)V func_147342_a (Lig;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V func_147352_a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction;)V func_147339_a (Lii;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem;)V func_147338_a (Lij;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClickWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow;)V func_147351_a (Lik;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow;)V func_147356_a (Lil;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processVanilla250Packet (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload;)V func_147349_a (Lim;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processUseEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity;)V func_147340_a (Lin;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive;)V func_147353_a (Lio;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)V func_147347_a (Lip;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities;)V func_147348_a (Liq;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerDigging (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging;)V func_147345_a (Lir;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processEntityAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction;)V func_147357_a (Lis;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processInput (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput;)V func_147358_a (Lit;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleResourcePackStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus;)V func_175086_a (Liu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange;)V func_147355_a (Liv;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processCreativeInventoryAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction;)V func_147344_a (Liw;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign;)V func_147343_a (Lix;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation;)V func_175087_a (Liy;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleSpectate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate;)V func_175088_a (Liz;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerBlockPlacement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement;)V func_147346_a (Lja;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/func_183006_b (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)Z func_183006_b (Lip;)Z
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/kickPlayerFromServer (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147360_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/currentTimeMillis ()J func_147363_d ()J
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleSlashCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147361_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V func_147383_a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelFuture;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelFuture;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState; values ()[Llo$a;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/getOfflineProfile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152506_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/closeConnection (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147322_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/processLoginStart (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart;)V func_147316_a (Ljl;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/processEncryptionResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse;)V func_147315_a (Ljm;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; a (Llo;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Llo;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$502 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState;)Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState; a (Llo;Llo$a;)Llo$a;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/tryAcceptPlayer ()V func_147326_c ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Llo;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/update ()V func_73660_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Llo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/getConnectionInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; func_147317_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; d (Llo;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$400 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; e ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/processPing (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing;)V func_147311_a (Lju;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/processServerQuery (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery;)V func_147312_a (Ljv;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/getBanEndDate ()Ljava/util/Date; func_73680_d ()Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/getBanReason ()Ljava/lang/String; func_73686_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/hasBanExpired ()Z func_73682_e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152668_a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry;)Ljava/util/Date; a (Llt$a;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/getExpirationDate ()Ljava/util/Date; func_152670_b ()Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Llt$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Llt$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152654_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getEntriesWithLimit (I)Ljava/util/List; func_152656_a (I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/addEntry (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152649_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/addEntry (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/util/Date;)V func_152651_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/util/Date;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getGameProfileForUsername (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152655_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getProfileByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152652_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getGameProfile (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152650_a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/load ()V func_152657_b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry; func_152653_b (Ljava/util/UUID;)Llt$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/save ()V func_152658_c ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152682_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/isBanned (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Z func_152708_a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/getBanEntry (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry; func_152709_b (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Llv;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/addressToString (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152707_c (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry/getIPFromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152647_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/func_152744_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152744_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/func_152743_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152743_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$400 (Ljava/io/File;)V a (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/readFile (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_152721_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/getStringUUIDFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152719_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$200 (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/tryConvert (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z func_152714_a (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertSaveFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer;Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z func_152723_a (Lko;Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertUserBanlist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z func_152724_a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/lookupNames (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/util/Collection;Lcom/mojang/authlib/ProfileLookupCallback;)V func_152717_a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/util/Collection;Lcom/mojang/authlib/ProfileLookupCallback;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/mkdir (Ljava/io/File;)V func_152711_b (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/parseDate (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date; func_152713_b (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/hasUnconvertableFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z func_152712_b (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertIpBanlist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z func_152722_b (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/backupConverted (Ljava/io/File;)V func_152727_c (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/hasUnconvertablePlayerFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z func_152715_c (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertOplist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z func_152718_c (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/getPlayersDirectory (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Ljava/io/File; func_152725_d (Lkl;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertWhitelist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z func_152710_d (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177694_a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V func_177693_a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V func_177692_a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177691_a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177696_b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V func_177690_b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V func_177695_c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/loadWhiteList ()V func_72362_j ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendToAllNear (DDDDILnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_148541_a (DDDDILff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setViewDistance (I)V func_152611_a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_152604_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/addOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152605_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/initializeConnectionToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72355_a (Lek;Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendChatMsg (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_148539_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendChatMsgImpl (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Z)V func_148544_a (Leu;Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendPacketToAllPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_148540_a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendPacketToAllPlayersInDimension (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;I)V func_148537_a (Lff;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerByUsername (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_152612_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/allowUserToConnect (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_148542_a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_177451_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_96456_a (Lkk;Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/readPlayerDataFromFile (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_72380_a (Llf;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/transferPlayerToDimension (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;I)V func_72356_a (Llf;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/recreatePlayerEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_72368_a (Llf;IZ)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/preparePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V func_72375_a (Llf;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setPlayerGameTypeBasedOnOther (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_72381_a (Llf;Llf;Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/transferEntityToWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;ILnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V func_82448_a (Lpk;ILle;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerStatsFile (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile; func_152602_a (Lwn;)Lmv;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendToAllNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;DDDDILnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V func_148543_a (Lwn;DDDDILff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendMessageToAllTeamMembers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_177453_a (Lwn;Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setWhiteListEnabled (Z)V func_72371_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setPlayerManager ([Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V func_72364_a ([Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removeOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152610_b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayersMatchingAddress (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_72382_j (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72391_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/updateTimeAndWeatherForPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V func_72354_b (Llf;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendMessageToTeamOrEvryPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_177452_b (Lwn;Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/func_181058_b (Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_181058_b (Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_72365_p ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removePlayerFromWhitelist (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152597_c (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerLoggedIn (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72377_c (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setCommandsAllowedForAll (Z)V func_72387_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getEntityViewDistance ()I func_72372_a ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/addWhitelistedPlayer (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V func_152601_d (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/serverUpdateMountedMovingPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72358_d (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/onTick ()V func_72374_b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/canJoin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_152607_e (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerLoggedOut (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72367_e (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_72369_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_183023_f (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/syncPlayerInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_72385_f (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAllProfiles ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152600_g ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/createPlayerForUser (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_148545_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getBannedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans; func_152608_h ()Lmc;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/canSendCommands (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_152596_g (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getBannedIPs ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/BanList; func_72363_f ()Llu;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/saveAllPlayerData ()V func_72389_g ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getWhitelistedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist; func_152599_k ()Lme;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getWhitelistedPlayerNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152598_l ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getOppedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps; func_152603_m ()Lly;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getOppedPlayerNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152606_n ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I func_72394_k ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getMaxPlayers ()I func_72352_l ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_72373_m ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/isWhiteListEnabled ()Z func_72383_n ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getViewDistance ()I func_72395_o ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getHostPlayerData ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_72378_q ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removeAllPlayers ()V func_72392_r ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerList ()Ljava/util/List; func_181057_v ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152685_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152682_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getGameProfileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152700_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_183026_b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/getPermissionLevel ()I func_152644_a ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/bypassesPlayerLimit ()Z func_183024_b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/constructProfile (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152643_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/hasBanExpired ()Z func_73682_e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_152640_f ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lma;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152685_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152682_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/addEntry (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry;)V func_152687_a (Lma;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/setLanServer (Z)V func_152686_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/isLanServer ()Z func_152689_b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152683_b (Ljava/lang/Object;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getSaveFile ()Ljava/io/File; func_152691_c ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/removeEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152684_c (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/isEmpty ()Z func_152690_d ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/hasEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z func_152692_d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getValues ()Ljava/util/Map; func_152688_e ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/writeChanges ()V func_152678_f ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/readSavedFile ()V func_152679_g ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/removeExpired ()V func_152680_h ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152685_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152682_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/isBanned (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_152702_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/isUsernameBanned (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152703_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry/toGameProfile (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152648_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_152685_a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; func_152682_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/isWhitelisted (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z func_152705_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getBannedProfile (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152706_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152681_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V func_152641_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry/gameProfileFromJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152646_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/toByteArray ()[B func_72672_a ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeInt (I)V func_72667_a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_72671_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeShort (S)V func_72668_a (S)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeByteArray ([B)V func_72670_a ([B)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/reset ()V func_72669_b ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getByteAsHexString (B)Ljava/lang/String; func_72663_a (B)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsString ([BII)Ljava/lang/String; func_72661_a ([BII)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getRemainingBytesAsLEInt ([BI)I func_72662_b ([BI)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsLEInt ([BII)I func_72665_b ([BII)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsBEint ([BII)I func_72664_c ([BII)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource; func_175570_h ()Lmj;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/resetLog ()V func_70007_b ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getLogContents ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70008_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/startThread ()V func_72602_a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_72607_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/registerSocket (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;)V func_72601_a (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeSocket (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;Z)Z func_72604_a (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;Z)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeServerSocket_do (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;Z)Z func_72605_a (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;Z)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeAllSockets_do (Z)V func_72612_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_72609_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeServerSocket (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;)Z func_72608_b (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/isRunning ()Z func_72613_c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_72606_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/getNumberOfPlayers ()I func_72603_d ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_72610_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeAllSockets ()V func_72611_e ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getRandomChallenge ()I func_72592_a ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/hasExpired (J)Ljava/lang/Boolean; func_72593_a (J)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getChallengeValue ()[B func_72594_b ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getRequestId ()[B func_72591_c ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/startThread ()V func_72602_a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/stopWithException (Ljava/lang/Exception;)V func_72623_a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/parseIncomingPacket (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Z func_72621_a (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/getRequestID (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)[B func_72625_a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/sendResponsePacket ([BLjava/net/DatagramPacket;)V func_72620_a ([BLjava/net/DatagramPacket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/createQueryResponse (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)[B func_72624_b (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/verifyClientAuth (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; func_72627_c (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/sendAuthChallenge (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)V func_72622_d (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/cleanQueryClientsMap ()V func_72628_f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/initQuerySystem ()Z func_72626_g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendResponse (IILjava/lang/String;)V func_72654_a (IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendMultipacketResponse (ILjava/lang/String;)V func_72655_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendLoginFailedResponse ()V func_72656_f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/closeSocket ()V func_72653_g ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/startThread ()V func_72602_a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/initClientThreadList ()V func_72646_f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/cleanClientThreadsMap ()V func_72645_g ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; func_75966_h ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/setStatStringFormatter (Lnet/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; func_75988_a (Lms;)Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/setSpecial ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; func_75987_b ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; func_75971_g ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/isAchievement ()Z func_75967_d ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getStatName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150951_e ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; func_75989_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getSpecial ()Z func_75984_f ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_75971_g ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_75966_h ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/init ()V func_75997_a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_74535_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBasic/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_75971_g ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting/func_150959_a ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_150959_a ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/readStatFile ()V func_150882_a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/parseJson (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; func_150881_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/dumpJson (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; func_150880_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150876_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_150876_a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/unlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_150873_a (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/saveStatFile ()V func_150883_b ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/sendAchievements (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V func_150884_b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150878_c ()Ljava/util/Set; func_150878_c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150877_d ()V func_150877_d ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150879_e ()Z func_150879_e ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$1/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75843_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$2/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75843_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$3/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75843_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$4/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75843_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75968_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/isAchievement ()Z func_75967_d ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/getStatName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150951_e ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_75971_g ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_75966_h ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/createChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150955_j ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/getCriteria ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria; func_150952_k ()Lauu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/func_150954_l ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_150954_l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/access$000 ()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; m ()Ljava/text/NumberFormat;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/access$100 ()Ljava/text/DecimalFormat; n ()Ljava/text/DecimalFormat;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/IStatType/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75843_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/getIntegerValue ()I func_151189_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/setIntegerValue (I)V func_151188_a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/setJsonSerializableValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable;)V func_151190_a (Lmz;)V
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/getJsonSerializableValue ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; func_151187_b ()Lmz;
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable/getSerializableElement ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; func_151003_a ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable/fromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_152753_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeID ()I func_179636_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type; func_179635_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ln$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179637_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_179634_c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type; values ()[Ln$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/readStatsFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_179668_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/setCommandStatScore (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_179672_a (Lm;Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/addAllStats (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;)V func_179671_a (Ln;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/removeScoreBoardStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;)V func_179669_a (Ln;Ln$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/setScoreBoardStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_179667_a (Ln;Ln$a;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/writeStatsToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_179670_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/init ()V func_151178_a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getOneShotStat (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_151177_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getStatKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_151182_a (Lpm$a;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/func_180204_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Ljava/lang/String; func_180204_a (Lzw;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/replaceAllSimilarBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V func_75924_a ([Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mergeStatBases ([Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_151180_a ([Lmw;Lafh;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initCraftableStats ()V func_75918_d ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getStatEntityKilledBy (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; func_151176_b (Lpm$a;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initMiningStats ()V func_151181_c ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initStats ()V func_75925_c ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initItemDepleteStats ()V func_151179_e ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/hasAchievementUnlocked (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z func_77443_a (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/readStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)I func_77444_a (Lmw;)I
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150872_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; func_150872_a (Lmw;Lmz;)Lmz;
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/unlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_150873_a (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/canUnlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z func_77442_b (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150870_b (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; func_150870_b (Lmw;)Lmz;
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/increaseStat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_150871_b (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150874_c (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)I func_150874_c (Lmq;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/getSerializableElement ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; func_151003_a ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/fromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V func_152753_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/lang/Object; delegate ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/util/Collection; delegate ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/util/Set; delegate ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/createLookup (Ljava/lang/Class;)V func_180213_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/addForClass (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Class;)V func_181743_a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lne;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/add (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z add (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/initializeClassLookup (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; func_181157_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/getByClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; func_180215_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/contains (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z contains (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/size ()I size ()I
net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever/getClientModName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever/getClientModName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/getPasswordAuthentication ()Ljava/net/PasswordAuthentication; minecraft/client/main/Main$1/getPasswordAuthentication ()Ljava/net/PasswordAuthentication;
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$2/run ()V minecraft/client/main/Main$2/run ()V
net/minecraft/client/main/Main/isNullOrEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_110121_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/init ()V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/adventureId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/adventureId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/clearResourcePack ()V minecraft/realms/Realms/clearResourcePack ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/creativeId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/creativeId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/currentTimeMillis ()J minecraft/realms/Realms/currentTimeMillis ()J
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; minecraft/realms/Realms/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getGameDirectoryPath ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getGameDirectoryPath ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; minecraft/realms/Realms/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getRealmsNotificationsEnabled ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/getRealmsNotificationsEnabled ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getSessionId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getSessionId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getUUID ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getUUID ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/inTitleScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/inTitleScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/isTouchScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/isTouchScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/sessionId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/sessionId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V minecraft/realms/Realms/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/setScreen (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;)V minecraft/realms/Realms/setScreen (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/spectatorId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/spectatorId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/survivalId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/survivalId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/userName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/userName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/uuidToName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/uuidToName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/clearAll ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/clearAll ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/convertLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/convertLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/deleteLevel (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/deleteLevel (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getLevelList ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getLevelList ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelExists (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelExists (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/renameLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/renameLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/requiresConversion (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/requiresConversion (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/getNotificationScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy; minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/getNotificationScreen (Laxu;)Lawr;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/init ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/switchToRealms (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/switchToRealms (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/begin (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/begin (ILbmu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/clear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/clear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/end ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/end ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/endVertex ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/endVertex ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTex2 (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTex2 (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTint (FFFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTint (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupVertexColor (FFFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupVertexColor (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/from (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/from (Lbfd;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getDrawMode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getDrawMode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/noColor ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/noColor ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/offset (DDD)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/offset (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postNormal (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postNormal (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postProcessFacePosition (DDD)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postProcessFacePosition (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/putBulkData ([I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/putBulkData ([I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/restoreState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/restoreState (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/sortQuads (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/sortQuads (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex2 (II)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex2 (II)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/blit (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/blit (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/clicked (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/clicked (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getHeight ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getHeight ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getProxy ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getProxy ()Lavs;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getWidth ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getWidth ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getYImage (Z)I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getYImage (Z)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/id ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/id ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/msg (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/msg (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/released (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/released (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/render (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/render (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/renderBg (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/renderBg (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/y ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/y ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/customMouseEvent (IIIFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/customMouseEvent (IIIFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/itemClicked (IIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/itemClicked (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderSelected (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderSelected (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/setLeftPos (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/setLeftPos (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/run ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/run ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/abort ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/abort ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lek;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;Lek;)Lek;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/isFocused ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/isFocused ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/mouseClicked (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/mouseClicked (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/render ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/render ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setFocus (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setFocus (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setIsEditable (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setIsEditable (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setMaxLength (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setMaxLength (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lats;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getGameMode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getGameMode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLastPlayed ()J minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLastPlayed ()J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getSizeOnDisk ()J minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getSizeOnDisk ()J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/hasCheats ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/hasCheats ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isHardcore ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isHardcore ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isRequiresConversion ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isRequiresConversion ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absFloor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absFloor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absMax (DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absMax (DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/average ([J)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/average ([J)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (F)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (F)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (DDD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (DDD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (FFF)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (FFF)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (III)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (III)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clampedLerp (DDD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clampedLerp (DDD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/cos (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/cos (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/fastFloor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/fastFloor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (F)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (F)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/intFloorDiv (II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/intFloorDiv (II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/isEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/isEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/lfloor (D)J minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/lfloor (D)J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/log2 (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/log2 (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextDouble (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextDouble (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextFloat (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextFloat (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextInt (Ljava/util/Random;II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextInt (Ljava/util/Random;II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/roundUp (II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/roundUp (II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sin (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sin (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/smallestEncompassingPowerOfTwo (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/smallestEncompassingPowerOfTwo (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (D)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (D)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (D)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (D)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bind (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bind (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bindFace (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bindFace (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIIIFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIIIFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttons ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttons ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsAdd (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsAdd (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsClear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsClear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsRemove (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsRemove (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/confirmResult (ZI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/confirmResult (ZI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawCenteredString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawCenteredString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fillGradient (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fillGradient (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontDrawShadow (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontDrawShadow (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontLineHeight ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontLineHeight ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontSplit (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontSplit (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLevelStorageSource ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLevelStorageSource ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getProxy ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getProxy ()Lawr;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/isPauseScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/isPauseScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyboardEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyboardEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseClicked (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseClicked (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseDragged (IIIJ)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseDragged (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseReleased (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseReleased (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIIIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIIIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newEditBox (IIIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newEditBox (IIIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/removed ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/removed ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/lang/String;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/util/List;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getHost ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getHost ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getPort ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getPort ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/parseString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/parseString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_147231_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V func_147398_a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V func_147397_a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/pingServer (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/pingServer (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/removeAll ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/removeAll ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clamp (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clamp (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clampSteps (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clampSteps (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (F)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (F)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getYImage (Z)I minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getYImage (Z)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/released (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/released (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/renderBg (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/renderBg (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toPct (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toPct (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toValue (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toValue (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/clear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/clear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/from (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/from (Lbmu;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElementCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElementCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getOffset (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getOffset (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getUvOffset (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getUvOffset (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexFormat ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasColor ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasColor ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasUv (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasUv (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hashCode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getByteSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getByteSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getVertexFormatElement ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getVertexFormatElement ()Lbmv;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/isPosition ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/isPosition ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/begin (ILnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/begin (ILnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (FFFF)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/end ()V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/end ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/endVertex ()V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/endVertex ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/normal (FFF)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/normal (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/offset (DDD)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/offset (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex2 (SS)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex2 (SS)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/setDoneWorking ()V func_146586_a ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/setLoadingProgress (I)V func_73718_a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73720_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73721_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73719_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/run ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/run ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tick ()V func_71217_p ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/updateTimeLightAndEntities ()V func_71190_q ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getAllowNether ()Z func_71255_r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startServerThread ()V func_71256_s ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71277_t ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPort ()I func_71234_u ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71274_v ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMinecraftVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71249_w ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I func_71233_x ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxPlayers ()I func_71275_y ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_71213_z ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameProfiles ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_152357_F ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDebuggingEnabled ()Z func_71239_B ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; func_71276_C ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isAnvilFileSet ()Z func_175578_N ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandManager; func_71187_D ()Ll;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getKeyPair ()Ljava/security/KeyPair; func_71250_E ()Ljava/security/KeyPair;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerPort ()I func_71215_F ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerOwner ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71214_G ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isSinglePlayer ()Z func_71264_H ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getFolderName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71270_I ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71221_J ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/allowSpawnMonsters ()Z func_71193_K ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDemo ()Z func_71242_L ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getActiveAnvilConverter ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat; func_71254_M ()Latr;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldServerForDimension (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; func_71218_a (I)Lle;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isBlockProtected (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_175579_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71235_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_71206_a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V func_71228_a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_152344_a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/convertMapIfNeeded (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71237_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setResourcePackFromWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler;)V func_175584_a (Ljava/lang/String;Latp;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/loadAllWorlds (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71247_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setKeyPair (Ljava/security/KeyPair;)V func_71253_a (Ljava/security/KeyPair;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getEntityFromUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_175576_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/callFromMainThread (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_175586_a (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addFaviconToStatusResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse;)V func_147138_a (Ljs;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/registerTickable (Lnet/minecraft/util/ITickable;)V func_82010_a (Lkm;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setConfigManager (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager;)V func_152361_a (Llx;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getTabCompletions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180506_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Llx;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setDifficultyForAllWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V func_147139_a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70000_a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/saveAllWorlds (Z)V func_71267_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxPlayerIdleMinutes ()I func_143007_ar ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isAnnouncingPlayerAchievements ()Z func_147136_ar ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMinecraftSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; func_147130_as ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameProfileRepository ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfileRepository; func_152359_aw ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfileRepository;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPlayerProfileCache ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache; func_152358_ax ()Llt;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerStatusResponse ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; func_147134_at ()Ljs;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/refreshStatusNextTick ()V func_147132_au ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxWorldSize ()I func_175580_aG ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z func_152345_ab ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getNetworkCompressionTreshold ()I func_175577_aI ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentTime ()J func_175587_aJ ()J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerThread ()Ljava/lang/Thread; func_175583_aK ()Ljava/lang/Thread;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aN ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/outputPercentRemaining (Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_71216_a_ (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_180507_a_ (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/deleteWorldAndStopServer ()V func_71272_O ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getResourcePackUrl ()Ljava/lang/String; func_147133_T ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getResourcePackHash ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175581_ab ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z func_70002_Q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z func_71262_S ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerInOnlineMode ()Z func_71266_T ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCanSpawnAnimals ()Z func_71268_U ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCanSpawnNPCs ()Z func_71220_V ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z func_181035_ah ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isPVPEnabled ()Z func_71219_W ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isFlightAllowed ()Z func_71231_X ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z func_82356_Z ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMOTD ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71273_Y ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getBuildLimit ()I func_71207_Z ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerStopped ()Z func_71241_aa ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; func_71203_ab ()Llx;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getNetworkSystem ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem; func_147137_ag ()Lll;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverIsInRunLoop ()Z func_71200_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGuiEnabled ()Z func_71279_ae ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getTickCounter ()I func_71259_af ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/enableProfiling ()V func_71223_ag ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPlayerUsageSnooper ()Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper; func_80003_ah ()Lor;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getSpawnProtectionSize ()I func_82357_ak ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getForceGamemode ()Z func_104056_am ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; func_110454_ao ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentTimeMillis ()J func_130071_aq ()J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setServerPort (I)V func_71208_b (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; func_71230_b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setUserMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71192_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70001_b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setDemo (Z)V func_71204_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setBuildLimit (I)V func_71191_d (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setHostname (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71189_e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canCreateBonusChest (Z)V func_71194_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setPlayerIdleTimeout (I)V func_143006_e (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getFile (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; func_71209_f (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setOnlineMode (Z)V func_71229_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71244_g (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCanSpawnAnimals (Z)V func_71251_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71236_h (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCanSpawnNPCs (Z)V func_71257_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71201_j (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setAllowPvp (Z)V func_71188_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerModName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerModName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/createNewCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager; func_175582_h ()Lbd;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71198_k (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setAllowFlight (Z)V func_71245_h (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startServer ()Z func_71197_b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setServerOwner (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71224_l (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setForceGamemode (Z)V func_104055_i (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getUserMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71195_b_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setFolderName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71261_m (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/initialWorldChunkLoad ()V func_71222_d ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71246_n (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z func_71225_e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setMOTD (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71205_p (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; func_71265_f ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_147135_j ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isHardcore ()Z func_71199_h ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I func_110455_j ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z func_181034_q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z func_183002_r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/run ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/run ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/clearCurrentTask ()V func_71243_i ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/stopServer ()V func_71260_j ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71211_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerRunning ()Z func_71278_l ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/initiateShutdown ()V func_71263_m ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setInstance ()V func_175585_v ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDataDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; func_71238_n ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/systemExitNow ()V func_71240_o ()V
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createNewSharedKey ()Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; func_75890_a ()Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createTheCipherInstance (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher; func_75886_a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createNetCipherInstance (ILjava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher; func_151229_a (ILjava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/cipherOperation (ILjava/security/Key;[B)[B func_75885_a (ILjava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/getServerIdHash (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/security/PublicKey;Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)[B func_75895_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/security/PublicKey;Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/digestOperation (Ljava/lang/String;[[B)[B func_75893_a (Ljava/lang/String;[[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/encryptData (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B func_75894_a (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decryptSharedKey (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;[B)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; func_75887_a (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;[B)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decodePublicKey ([B)Ljava/security/PublicKey; func_75896_a ([B)Ljava/security/PublicKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/generateKeyPair ()Ljava/security/KeyPair; func_75891_b ()Ljava/security/KeyPair;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decryptData (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B func_75889_b (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getLastIndex ()I func_181749_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/addFrame (J)V func_181747_a (J)V
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getLagometerValue (JI)I func_181748_a (JI)I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getIndex ()I func_181750_b ()I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/parseIndex (I)I func_181751_b (I)I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getFrames ()[J func_181746_c ()[J
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Z func_151211_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_151206_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151205_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;F)F func_151221_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;F)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_151208_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; func_151213_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; func_151218_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_151219_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z func_151209_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151216_b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_180199_c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/toString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Ljava/lang/String; func_151222_d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)F func_151220_d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151202_d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)I func_151215_f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isJsonPrimitive (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151201_f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/hasField (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151204_g (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_151200_h (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151212_i (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)F func_151217_k (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; func_151210_l (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; func_151207_m (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)I func_151203_m (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; func_152754_s (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; func_151214_t (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/getSuitableLanPort ()I func_76181_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Map;ILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;Ljava/net/Proxy;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_180192_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Map;ILnu;Ljava/net/Proxy;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/get (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/lang/String; func_152755_a (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/post (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_151225_a (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/postMap (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/util/Map;Z)Ljava/lang/String; func_151226_a (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/util/Map;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/buildPostString (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; func_76179_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/put (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/clear ()V clear ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/containsValue (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z containsValue (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/entrySet ()Ljava/util/Set; entrySet ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/get (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; get (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/isEmpty ()Z isEmpty ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/keySet ()Ljava/util/Set; keySet ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/put (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; put (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/putAll (Ljava/util/Map;)V putAll (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/size ()I size ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/values ()Ljava/util/Collection; values ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache/getInteger (I)Ljava/lang/Integer; func_181756_a (I)Ljava/lang/Integer;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/getHash ()I func_76031_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_76030_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/lookup (I)Ljava/lang/Object; func_76041_a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/getSlotIndex (II)I func_76043_a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/insert (IILjava/lang/Object;I)V func_76040_a (IILjava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/addKey (ILjava/lang/Object;)V func_76038_a (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/copyTo ([Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry;)V func_76048_a ([Lnm$a;)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/containsItem (I)Z func_76037_b (I)Z
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/clearMap ()V func_76046_c ()V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/lookupEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry; func_76045_c (I)Lnm$a;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/removeObject (I)Ljava/lang/Object; func_76049_d (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/removeEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry; func_76036_e (I)Lnm$a;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/access$000 (I)I f (I)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/computeHash (I)I func_76044_g (I)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/grow (I)V func_76047_h (I)V
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179280_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_179281_c ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152757_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; func_152757_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152758_b ()I func_152758_b ()I
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152756_c ()[Ljava/lang/Object; func_152756_c ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/getKey ()J func_76146_a ()J
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_76145_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getNumHashElements ()I func_76162_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/hash (I)I func_76157_a (I)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getHashIndex (II)I func_76158_a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/createKey (IJLjava/lang/Object;I)V func_76156_a (IJLjava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getValueByKey (J)Ljava/lang/Object; func_76164_a (J)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/add (JLjava/lang/Object;)V func_76163_a (JLjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/copyHashTableTo ([Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry;)V func_76154_a ([Lnq$a;)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/resizeTable (I)V func_76153_b (I)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/containsItem (J)Z func_76161_b (J)Z
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getEntry (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry; func_76160_c (J)Lnq$a;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/remove (J)Ljava/lang/Object; func_76159_d (J)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/removeKey (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry; func_76152_e (J)Lnq$a;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/access$000 (J)I f (J)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getHashedKey (J)I func_76155_g (J)I
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/read (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonReader;)Ljava/lang/Object; read (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonReader;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/write (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonWriter;Ljava/lang/Object;)V write (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonWriter;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/func_151232_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; func_151232_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lnr;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/create (Lcom/google/gson/Gson;Lcom/google/gson/reflect/TypeToken;)Lcom/google/gson/TypeAdapter; create (Lcom/google/gson/Gson;Lcom/google/gson/reflect/TypeToken;)Lcom/google/gson/TypeAdapter;
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sqrt_double (D)F func_76133_a (D)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs_max (DD)D func_76132_a (DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_double (DDD)D func_151237_a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sin (F)F func_76126_a (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/epsilonEquals (FF)Z func_180185_a (FF)Z
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_float (FFF)F func_76131_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs_int (I)I func_76130_a (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/bucketInt (II)I func_76137_a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_int (III)I func_76125_a (III)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getPositionRandom (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)J func_180186_a (Ldf;)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseDoubleWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;D)D func_82712_a (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseDoubleWithDefaultAndMax (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D func_82713_a (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_82715_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseIntWithDefaultAndMax (Ljava/lang/String;II)I func_82714_a (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomUuid (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/UUID; func_180182_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomDoubleInRange (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D func_82716_a (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/randomFloatClamp (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F func_151240_a (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomIntegerInRange (Ljava/util/Random;II)I func_76136_a (Ljava/util/Random;II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/average ([J)D func_76127_a ([J)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/truncateDoubleToInt (D)I func_76140_b (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/atan2 (DD)D func_181159_b (DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/denormalizeClamp (DDD)D func_151238_b (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/cos (F)F func_76134_b (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180183_b (FFF)I func_180183_b (FFF)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/roundUpToPowerOfTwo (I)I func_151236_b (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/normalizeAngle (II)I func_180184_b (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180181_b (III)I func_180181_b (III)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_double (D)I func_76128_c (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181160_c (DDD)D func_181160_c (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sqrt_float (F)F func_76129_c (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/hsvToRGB (FFF)I func_181758_c (FFF)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/calculateLogBaseTwo (I)I func_151239_c (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/roundUp (II)I func_154354_b (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getCoordinateRandom (III)J func_180187_c (III)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_double_long (D)J func_76124_d (D)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_float (F)I func_76141_d (F)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/isPowerOfTwo (I)Z func_151235_d (I)Z
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180188_d (II)I func_180188_d (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_154353_e (D)I func_154353_e (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs (F)F func_76135_e (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/calculateLogBaseTwoDeBruijn (I)I func_151241_e (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/ceiling_double_int (D)I func_76143_f (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/ceiling_float_int (F)I func_76123_f (F)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/wrapAngleTo180_double (D)D func_76138_g (D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/wrapAngleTo180_float (F)F func_76142_g (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181162_h (D)D func_181162_h (D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181161_i (D)D func_181161_i (D)D
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/getColor ()I func_76329_a ()I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result;)I a (Lnt$a;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/clearProfiling ()V func_76317_a ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/startSection (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_76320_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/endSection ()V func_76319_b ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/getProfilingData (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_76321_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/getNameOfLastSection ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76322_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/endStartSection (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_76318_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/setDoneWorking ()V func_146586_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/setLoadingProgress (I)V func_73718_a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73720_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73721_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_73719_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/reset ()V func_180179_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/smooth (FF)F func_76333_a (FF)F
net/minecraft/util/IStringSerializable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/ticksToElapsedTime (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_76337_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/stripControlCodes (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_76338_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/isNullOrEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_151246_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/getFirst ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_76341_a ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/getSecond ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_76340_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/compare (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$5/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$5/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179650_a (I)I func_179650_a (I)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179661_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_179661_a (Lcj;III)Laug;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchesMultiplePlayers (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_82377_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179658_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_179658_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Map;Lm;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_96560_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; func_96560_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_180698_a (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180698_a (Ljava/util/Map;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/filterResults (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_179660_a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/lang/String;Ladm;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179663_a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; func_179663_a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_179653_a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchOnePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; func_82386_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchOneEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_179652_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179654_a (Lm;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/hasArguments (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_82378_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getXpLevelPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179648_b (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179664_b (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179664_b (Ljava/util/Map;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179651_b (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; func_179651_b (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchEntitiesToChatComponent (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_150869_b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchEntities (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/List; func_179656_b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/isEntityTypeValid (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/Map;)Z func_179655_b (Lm;Ljava/util/Map;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getArgumentMap (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; func_82381_h (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getGamemodePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179649_c (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getTeamPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179659_d (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getScorePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179657_e (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getNamePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179647_f (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getRotationsPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; func_179662_g (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179665_h (Ljava/util/Map;)Z func_179665_h (Ljava/util/Map;)Z
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getTotalWeight (Ljava/util/Collection;)I func_76272_a (Ljava/util/Collection;)I
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Collection;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; func_180166_a (Ljava/util/Collection;I)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; func_76271_a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; func_76273_a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;I)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/func_177629_a (Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent;)Ljava/util/List; func_177629_a (Ljava/util/List;[Lob;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/generateDispenserContents (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser;I)V func_177631_a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lalc;I)V
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/generateChestContents (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)V func_177630_a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Log;I)V
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; func_152344_a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z func_152345_ab ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isPartOfLargeChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)Z func_90010_a (Log;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V func_174892_a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_174891_i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isLocked ()Z func_174893_q_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic/onInventoryChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic;)V func_76316_a (Loq;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_180174_a (Ladm;DDDLog;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/spawnItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_180173_a (Ladm;DDDLzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_180175_a (Ladm;Lcj;Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_180176_a (Ladm;Lpk;Log;)V
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyId ()I func_151525_a ()I
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyEnum (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; func_151523_a (I)Loj;
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyResourceKey ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151526_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; values ()[Loj;
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/calculateAdditionalDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;JJF)F func_180169_a (Loj;JJF)F
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/getAdditionalDifficulty ()F func_180168_b ()F
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/getClampedAdditionalDifficulty ()F func_180170_c ()F
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/isEmpty ()Z func_180160_a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/toNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_180157_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/getLock ()Ljava/lang/String; func_180159_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/fromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_180158_b (Ldn;)Lon;
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V func_174892_a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_174891_i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/isLocked ()Z func_174893_q_ ()Z
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_110133_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/addInventoryChangeListener (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic;)V func_110134_a (Loh;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/func_174894_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_174894_a (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/removeInventoryChangeListener (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic;)V func_110132_b (Loh;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/startSnooper ()V func_76463_a ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addClientStat (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152768_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Lnet/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage; a (Lor;)Los;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addMemoryStatsToSnooper ()V func_76471_b ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addStatToSnooper (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_152767_b (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/lang/Object; b (Lor;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getCurrentStats ()Ljava/util/Map; func_76465_c ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/util/Map; c (Lor;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/isSnooperRunning ()Z func_76468_d ()Z
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)I d (Lor;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/stopSnooper ()V func_76470_e ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/util/Map; e (Lor;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getUniqueID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_80006_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$308 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)I f (Lor;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getMinecraftStartTimeMillis ()J func_130105_g ()J
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/lang/String; g (Lor;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addOSData ()V func_152766_h ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/net/URL; h (Lor;)Ljava/net/URL;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addJvmArgsToSnooper ()V func_76467_g ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70000_a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/isSnooperEnabled ()Z func_70002_Q ()Z
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V func_70001_b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180462_a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I func_180463_a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z func_180461_b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageSrc ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_94560_a ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/func_94563_c ()F func_94563_c ()F
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/isLivingDamageSrc ()Z func_94559_f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/func_94562_g ()Ljava/lang/String; func_94562_g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageSrcDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151522_h ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageAmount ()F func_94561_i ()F
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94545_a ()V func_94545_a ()V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94548_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatEntry;)Ljava/lang/String; func_94548_b (Lou;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/trackDamage (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;FF)V func_94547_a (Low;FF)V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/getDeathMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151521_b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94550_c ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_94550_c ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_180134_f ()I func_180134_f ()I
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/reset ()V func_94549_h ()V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/getFighter ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_180135_h ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94544_f ()Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatEntry; func_94544_f ()Lou;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94542_g ()V func_94542_g ()V
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isProjectile ()Z func_76352_a ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setExplosionSource (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_94539_a (Ladi;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeThornsDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_92087_a (Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeThrownDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76356_a (Lpk;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeMobDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76358_a (Lpr;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causePlayerDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76365_a (Lwn;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeArrowDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76353_a (Lwq;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeFireballDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76362_a (Lws;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setProjectile ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76349_b ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeIndirectMagicDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76354_b (Lpk;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151519_b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isExplosion ()Z func_94541_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setExplosion ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_94540_d ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isUnblockable ()Z func_76363_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getHungerDamage ()F func_76345_d ()F
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/canHarmInCreative ()Z func_76357_e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDamageAbsolute ()Z func_151517_h ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getSourceOfDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_76364_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_76346_g ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageBypassesArmor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76348_h ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageAllowedInCreativeMode ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76359_i ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageIsAbsolute ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_151518_m ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setFireDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76361_j ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isFireDamage ()Z func_76347_k ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getDamageType ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76355_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDifficultyScaled ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_76351_m ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDifficultyScaled ()Z func_76350_n ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isMagicDamage ()Z func_82725_o ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setMagicDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; func_82726_p ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isCreativePlayer ()Z func_180136_u ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151519_b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_76346_g ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/isDifficultyScaled ()Z func_76350_n ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/setIsThornsDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource; func_180138_v ()Lox;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getIsThornsDamage ()Z func_180139_w ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151519_b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getSourceOfDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_76364_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_76346_g ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z a (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V func_111187_a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption/applyAttributesModifiersToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V func_111185_a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAttackDamage/getAttributeModifierAmount (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)D func_111183_a (ILqd;)D
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealthBoost/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V func_111187_a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth/isReady (II)Z func_76397_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth/isInstant ()Z func_76403_b ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76393_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setEffectiveness (D)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; func_76404_a (D)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isReady (II)Z func_76397_a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getAttributeModifierAmount (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)D func_111183_a (ILqd;)D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getDurationString (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Ljava/lang/String; func_76389_a (Lpf;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/affectEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;ID)V func_180793_a (Lpk;Lpk;Lpr;ID)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/performEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;I)V func_76394_a (Lpr;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V func_111187_a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/registerPotionAttributeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;Ljava/lang/String;DI)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; func_111184_a (Lqb;Ljava/lang/String;DI)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isInstant ()Z func_76403_b ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setIconIndex (II)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; func_76399_b (II)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getPotionFromResourceLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; func_180142_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/applyAttributesModifiersToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V func_111185_a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getPotionLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; func_181168_c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setPotionName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; func_76390_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getId ()I func_76396_c ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/hasStatusIcon ()Z func_76400_d ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getStatusIconIndex ()I func_76392_e ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isBadEffect ()Z func_76398_f ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getEffectiveness ()D func_76388_g ()D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isUsable ()Z func_76395_i ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getLiquidColor ()I func_76401_j ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getAttributeModifierMap ()Ljava/util/Map; func_111186_k ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getPotionID ()I func_76456_a ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/writeCustomPotionEffectToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_82719_a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/combine (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_76452_a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_76455_a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/setSplashPotion (Z)V func_82721_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getDuration ()I func_76459_b ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/readCustomPotionEffectFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect; func_82722_b (Ldn;)Lpf;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/performEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_76457_b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/setPotionDurationMax (Z)V func_100012_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getAmplifier ()I func_76458_c ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsAmbient ()Z func_82720_e ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsShowParticles ()Z func_180154_f ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getEffectName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_76453_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsPotionDurationMax ()Z func_100011_g ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/deincrementDuration ()I func_76454_e ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setScale (F)V func_98055_j (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setSize (FF)V func_70105_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/addGrowth (I)V func_110195_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/func_175501_a (IZ)V func_175501_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setScaleForAge (Z)V func_98054_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setGrowingAge (I)V func_70873_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/isChild ()Z func_70631_g_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/getGrowingAge ()I func_70874_b ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/onGrowingAdult ()V func_175500_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityId ()I func_145782_y ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onKillCommand ()V func_174812_G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDataWatcher ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher; func_70096_w ()Lpz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/preparePlayerToSpawn ()V func_70065_x ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onEntityUpdate ()V func_70030_z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMaxInPortalTime ()I func_82145_z ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setOnFireFromLava ()V func_70044_A ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/extinguish ()V func_70066_B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/kill ()V func_70076_C ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145776_H ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/doBlockCollisions ()V func_145775_I ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSilent ()Z func_174814_R ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70046_E ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToFire ()Z func_70045_F ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isWet ()Z func_70026_G ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInWater ()Z func_70090_H ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/handleWaterMovement ()Z func_70072_I ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/resetHeight ()V func_71061_d_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/spawnRunningParticles ()V func_174830_Y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/createRunningParticles ()V func_174808_Z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndUpdate (DDD)V func_70634_a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndRotation (DDDFF)V func_70080_a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rayTrace (DF)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_174822_a (DF)Lauh;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSize (FF)V func_70105_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveFlying (FFF)V func_70060_a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z func_70003_b (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F func_180428_a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/verifyExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)Z func_174816_a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_70029_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInsideOfMaterial (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z func_70055_a (Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEntityBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)V func_174826_a (Laug;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addEntityCrashInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V func_85029_a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveToBlockPosAndAngles (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FF)V func_174828_a (Lcj;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_145747_a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCustomNameTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96094_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V func_85030_a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSpectatedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z func_174827_a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V func_174794_a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70078_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70074_a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/applyEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_174815_a (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V func_70077_a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/interactAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_174825_a (Lwn;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_145779_a (Lzw;I)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dropItemWithOffset (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IF)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_145778_a (Lzw;IF)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityDropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_70099_a (Lzx;F)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/newDoubleNBTList ([D)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_70087_a ([D)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/newFloatNBTList ([F)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_70049_a ([F)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setInWeb ()V func_70110_aj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getParts ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_70021_al ()[Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getRotationYawHead ()F func_70079_am ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMaxFallHeight ()I func_82143_as ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/func_181014_aG ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_181014_aG ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getTeleportDirection ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_181012_aH ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/doesEntityNotTriggerPressurePlate ()Z func_145773_az ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canRenderOnFire ()Z func_90999_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getUniqueID ()Ljava/util/UUID; func_110124_au ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isPushedByWater ()Z func_96092_aw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCustomNameTag ()Ljava/lang/String; func_95999_t ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAlwaysRenderNameTag ()Z func_174833_aM ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z func_94059_bO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getHorizontalFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_174811_aO ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; func_174823_aP ()Lew;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_174813_aQ ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOutsideBorder ()Z func_174832_aS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCommandStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; func_174807_aT ()Ln;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_174819_aU ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToExplosions ()Z func_180427_aV ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145777_O ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInLava ()Z func_180799_ab ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setBeenAttacked ()V func_70018_K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/shouldSetPosAfterLoading ()Z func_142008_O ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityString ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70022_Q ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onChunkLoad ()V func_110123_P ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityAlive ()Z func_70089_S ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityInsideOpaqueBlock ()Z func_70094_T ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateRidden ()V func_70098_U ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateRiderPosition ()V func_70043_V ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getYOffset ()D func_70033_W ()D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMountedYOffset ()D func_70042_X ()D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBorderSize ()F func_70111_Y ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getLookVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70040_Z ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPortalCooldown ()I func_82147_ab ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/performHurtAnimation ()V func_70057_ab ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70035_c ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isBurning ()Z func_70027_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isRiding ()Z func_70115_ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSneaking ()Z func_70093_af ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSprinting ()Z func_70051_ag ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInvisible ()Z func_82150_aj ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEating ()Z func_70113_ah ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAir ()I func_70086_ai ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPosition (DDD)V func_70107_b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setLocationAndAngles (DDDFF)V func_70012_b (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRotation (FF)V func_70101_b (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setFlag (IZ)V func_70052_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isLiquidPresentInAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_174809_b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)D func_174818_b (Lcj;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityInvulnerable (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)Z func_180431_b (Low;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addToPlayerScore (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_70084_c (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSilent (Z)V func_174810_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOffsetPositionInLiquid (DDD)Z func_70038_c (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAngles (FF)V func_70082_c (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/travelToDimension (I)V func_71027_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSqToCenter (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)D func_174831_c (Lcj;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeMountToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_98035_c (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSneaking (Z)V func_70095_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveEntity (DDD)V func_70091_d (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getLook (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70676_i (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEntityId (I)V func_145769_d (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPortal (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_181015_d (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeToNBTOptional (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_70039_c (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70100_b_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSprinting (Z)V func_70031_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSq (DDD)D func_70092_e (DDD)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPositionEyes (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174824_e (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setFire (I)V func_70015_d (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70109_d (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setInvisible (Z)V func_82142_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistance (DDD)D func_70011_f (DDD)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRotationYawHead (F)V func_70034_d (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getVectorForRotation (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174806_f (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dealFireDamage (I)V func_70081_e (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70020_e (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInvisibleToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_98034_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEating (Z)V func_70019_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addVelocity (DDD)V func_70024_g (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRenderYawOffset (F)V func_181013_g (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getFlag (I)Z func_70083_f (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/clientUpdateEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_174834_g (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F func_70032_d (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAlwaysRenderNameTag (Z)V func_174805_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInRangeToRender3d (DDD)Z func_145770_h (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAir (I)V func_70050_g (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSqToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)D func_70068_e (Lpk;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setOutsideBorder (Z)V func_174821_h (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V func_145781_i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70108_f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/pushOutOfBlocks (DDD)Z func_145771_j (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70114_g (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityEqual (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70028_i (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hitByEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_85031_j (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/resetPositionToBB ()V func_174829_m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/copyLocationAndAnglesFrom (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_82149_j (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/copyDataFromOld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_180432_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCommandStats (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_174817_o (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/func_151514_a ()V func_151514_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getClassFromID (I)Ljava/lang/Class; func_90035_a (I)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityByID (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_75616_a (ILadm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_75615_a (Ldn;Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;I)V func_75618_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;III)V func_75614_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getIDFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_180122_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityByName (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_75620_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityID (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I func_75619_a (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/isStringEntityName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_180123_a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityNameList ()Ljava/util/List; func_180124_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getStringFromID (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75617_a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/isStringValidEntityName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_180125_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityString (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Ljava/lang/String; func_75621_b (Lpk;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$4/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$4/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/handleWaterMovement ()Z func_70072_I ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getXPSplit (I)I func_70527_a (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70100_b_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/dealFireDamage (I)V func_70081_e (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getXpValue ()I func_70526_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getTextureByXP ()I func_70528_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/isOnLadder ()Z func_70617_f_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updatePotionMetadata ()V func_175135_B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onKillCommand ()V func_174812_G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onEntityUpdate ()V func_70030_z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/kill ()V func_70076_C ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;)Z func_142012_a (Lauq;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionActive (Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion;)Z func_70644_a (Lpe;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onNewPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70670_a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onChangedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;Z)V func_70695_b (Lpf;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70078_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/knockBack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FDD)V func_70653_a (Lpk;FDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onItemPickup (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_71001_a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getEntityAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_110148_a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dropEquipment (ZI)V func_82160_b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRotationYawHead ()F func_70079_am ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z func_94059_bO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBreatheUnderwater ()Z func_70648_aU ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onDeathUpdate ()V func_70609_aI ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setBeenAttacked ()V func_70018_K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isEntityAlive ()Z func_70089_S ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateRidden ()V func_70098_U ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLookVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70040_Z ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/performHurtAnimation ()V func_70057_ab ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70035_c ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyArmorCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F func_70655_b (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getActivePotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect; func_70660_b (Lpe;)Lpf;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onFinishedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70688_c (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70604_c (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/renderBrokenItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70669_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70694_bm ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSoundPitch ()F func_70647_i ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isMovementBlocked ()Z func_70610_aX ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getJumpUpwardsMotion ()F func_175134_bD ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jump ()V func_70664_aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateAITick ()V func_70629_bd ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/handleJumpLava ()V func_180466_bG ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAIMoveSpeed ()F func_70689_ay ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPlayerSleeping ()Z func_70608_bn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateEntityActionState ()V func_70626_be ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V func_85033_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isServerWorld ()Z func_70613_aW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAbsorptionAmount ()F func_110139_bj ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; func_96124_cp ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/markPotionsDirty ()V func_175136_bO ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canDropLoot ()Z func_146066_aG ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPlayer ()Z func_70684_aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRNG ()Ljava/util/Random; func_70681_au ()Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAITarget ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_70643_av ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRevengeTimer ()I func_142015_aE ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLastAttacker ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_110144_aD ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLastAttackerTime ()I func_142013_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAge ()I func_70654_ax ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updatePotionEffects ()V func_70679_bo ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/resetPotionEffectMetadata ()V func_175133_bi ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/clearActivePotions ()V func_70674_bp ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getActivePotionEffects ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_70651_bq ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isEntityUndead ()Z func_70662_br ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHealth ()F func_110143_aJ ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCombatTracker ()Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatTracker; func_110142_aN ()Lov;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAttackingEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_94060_bK ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getMaxHealth ()F func_110138_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getArrowCountInEntity ()I func_85035_bI ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingItem ()V func_71038_i ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateArmSwingProgress ()V func_82168_bl ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAttributeMap ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap; func_110140_aT ()Lqf;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyPotionDamageCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F func_70672_c (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/addPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70690_d (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_142014_c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLook (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70676_i (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V func_70665_d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionApplicable (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Z func_70687_e (Lpf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setSprinting (Z)V func_70031_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRotationYawHead (F)V func_70034_d (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRenderYawOffset (F)V func_181013_g (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/heal (F)V func_70691_i (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateDistance (FF)F func_110146_f (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sendEnterCombat ()V func_152111_bt ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setHealth (F)V func_70606_j (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setJumping (Z)V func_70637_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sendEndCombat ()V func_152112_bu ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/damageArmor (F)V func_70675_k (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/decreaseAirSupply (I)I func_70682_h (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isChild ()Z func_70631_g_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setAIMoveSpeed (F)V func_70659_e (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionActive (I)Z func_82165_m (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnLadder ()Z func_70617_f_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSwingProgress (F)F func_70678_g (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/removePotionEffectClient (I)V func_70618_n (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setAbsorptionAmount (F)V func_110149_m (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/removePotionEffect (I)V func_82170_o (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getArmSwingAnimationEnd ()I func_82166_i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_146067_o (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setArrowCountInEntity (I)V func_85034_r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71124_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setLastAttacker (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_130011_c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82169_q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dismountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_110145_l (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_82167_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canEntityBeSeen (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70685_l (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType; values ()[Lps$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/despawnEntity ()V func_70623_bb ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onEntityUpdate ()V func_70030_z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEquipmentDropChance (IF)V func_96120_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getArmorItemForSlot (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_82161_a (II)Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canAttackClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z func_70686_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V func_180481_a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/faceEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FF)V func_70625_a (Lpk;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setLeashedToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V func_110162_b (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateEquipmentIfNeeded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V func_175445_a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/func_175448_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_175448_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/dropEquipment (ZI)V func_82160_b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/clearLeashed (ZZ)V func_110160_i (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMaxFallHeight ()I func_82143_as ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70035_c ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateRotation (FFF)F func_70663_b (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; func_175447_b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEnchantmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V func_180483_b (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70694_bm ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateEntityActionState ()V func_70626_be ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isServerWorld ()Z func_70613_aW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I func_70646_bf ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getRenderSizeModifier ()F func_70603_bj ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I func_70641_bl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canBeSteered ()Z func_82171_bF ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/enablePersistence ()V func_110163_bv ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canPickUpLoot ()Z func_98052_bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isNoDespawnRequired ()Z func_104002_bU ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getArmorPosition (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_82159_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateLeashedState ()V func_110159_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/allowLeashing ()Z func_110164_bC ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLeashed ()Z func_110167_bD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLeashedToEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_110166_bE ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isAIDisabled ()Z func_175446_cd ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70624_b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateDistance (FF)F func_110146_f (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setCanPickUpLoot (Z)V func_98053_h (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setAIMoveSpeed (F)V func_70659_e (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setNoAI (Z)V func_94061_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/recreateLeash ()V func_110165_bF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setMoveForward (F)V func_70657_f (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLookHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper; func_70671_ap ()Lqp;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71124_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMoveHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper; func_70605_aq ()Lqq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82169_q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getJumpHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper; func_70683_ar ()Lqo;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getNavigator ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; func_70661_as ()Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getEntitySenses ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses; func_70635_at ()Lta;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getAttackTarget ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_70638_az ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/eatGrassBonus ()V func_70615_aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/playLivingSound ()V func_70642_aH ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/spawnExplosionParticle ()V func_70656_aK ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getCreatureClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; func_75598_a ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getMaxNumberOfCreature ()I func_75601_b ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getPeacefulCreature ()Z func_75599_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getAnimal ()Z func_82705_e ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpt;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType; values ()[Lpt;
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry/getPlacementForEntity (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType; func_180109_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lps$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; values ()[Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152113_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_70902_q ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/setHomePosAndDistance (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_175449_a (Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/updateLeashedState ()V func_110159_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/hasPath ()Z func_70781_l ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isWithinHomeDistanceCurrentPosition ()Z func_110173_bK ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getHomePosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180486_cf ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getMaximumHomeDistance ()F func_110174_bM ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/detachHome ()V func_110177_bN ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/hasHome ()Z func_110175_bO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isWithinHomeDistanceFromPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180485_d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/func_142017_o (F)V func_142017_o (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getDataValueId ()I func_75672_a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/setObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)V func_75673_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject;Z)Z a (Lpz$a;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/setWatched (Z)V func_75671_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getObject ()Ljava/lang/Object; func_75669_b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getObjectType ()I func_75674_c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/isWatched ()Z func_75670_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/hasObjectChanged ()Z func_75684_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectByte (I)B func_75683_a (I)B
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/addObjectByDataType (II)V func_82709_a (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/addObject (ILjava/lang/Object;)V func_75682_a (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeTo (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_151509_a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeWatchableObjectToPacketBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject;)V func_151510_a (Lem;Lpz$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/updateWatchedObjectsFromList (Ljava/util/List;)V func_75687_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeWatchedListToPacketBuffer (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V func_151507_a (Ljava/util/List;Lem;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getChanged ()Ljava/util/List; func_75688_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectShort (I)S func_75693_b (I)S
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/updateObject (ILjava/lang/Object;)V func_75692_b (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/readWatchedListFromPacketBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)Ljava/util/List; func_151508_b (Lem;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getAllWatched ()Ljava/util/List; func_75685_c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectInt (I)I func_75679_c (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getIsBlank ()Z func_92085_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectFloat (I)F func_111145_d (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/func_111144_e ()V func_111144_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectString (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_75681_e (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectItemStack (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82710_f (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectRotations (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_180115_h (I)Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/setObjectWatched (I)V func_82708_h (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchedObject (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject; func_75691_i (I)Lpz$a;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/func_147210_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V func_147210_a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/shouldAttackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_142018_a (Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152113_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setOwnerId (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152115_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; func_96124_cp ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isOnSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_142014_c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isTamed ()Z func_70909_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setupTamedAI ()V func_175544_ck ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isSitting ()Z func_70906_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_70902_q ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getAISit ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit; func_70907_r ()Lse;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isOwner (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_152114_e (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/playTameEffect (Z)V func_70908_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setTamed (Z)V func_70903_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_70902_q ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setSitting (Z)V func_70904_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getAttributeUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111108_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/clampValue (D)D func_111109_a (D)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getDefaultValue ()D func_111110_b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getShouldWatch ()Z func_111111_c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/func_180372_d ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; func_180372_d ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; func_111123_a ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/setBaseValue (D)V func_111128_a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getModifiersByOperation (I)Ljava/util/Collection; func_111130_a (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getModifier (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; func_111127_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/hasModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Z func_180374_a (Lqd;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getBaseValue ()D func_111125_b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/applyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V func_111121_a (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/removeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V func_111124_b (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/removeAllModifiers ()V func_142049_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getAttributeValue ()D func_111126_e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getID ()Ljava/util/UUID; func_111167_a ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/setSaved (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; func_111168_a (Z)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111166_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getOperation ()I func_111169_c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getAmount ()D func_111164_d ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/isSaved ()Z func_111165_e ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getAttributeUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111108_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/setShouldWatch (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute; func_111112_a (Z)Lqe;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getDefaultValue ()D func_111110_b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getShouldWatch ()Z func_111111_c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/func_180372_d ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; func_180372_d ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAllAttributes ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_111146_a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/removeAttributeModifiers (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V func_111148_a (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111152_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111151_a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/func_180794_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)V func_180794_a (Lqc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/applyAttributeModifiers (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V func_111147_b (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/registerAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111150_b (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/func_180376_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_180376_c (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; func_111123_a ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/setBaseValue (D)V func_111128_a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getModifiersByOperation (I)Ljava/util/Collection; func_111130_a (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getModifier (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; func_111127_a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/hasModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Z func_180374_a (Lqd;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getBaseValue ()D func_111125_b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/func_180375_b (I)Ljava/util/Collection; func_180375_b (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/applyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V func_111121_a (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/removeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V func_111124_b (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/removeAllModifiers ()V func_142049_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getAttributeValue ()D func_111126_e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/flagForUpdate ()V func_111131_f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/computeValue ()D func_111129_g ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111152_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111151_a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/func_180794_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)V func_180794_a (Lqc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceSet ()Ljava/util/Set; func_111161_b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance; func_111152_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/registerAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_111150_b (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getWatchedAttributes ()Ljava/util/Collection; func_111160_c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/func_180376_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; func_180376_c (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance; func_111151_a (Lqb;)Lqh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/clampValue (D)D func_111109_a (D)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/setDescription (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute; func_111117_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqj;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; func_111116_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/updateRenderAngles ()V func_75664_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/computeAngleWithBound (FFF)F func_75665_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/setJumping ()V func_75660_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/doJump ()V func_75661_b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/onUpdateLook ()V func_75649_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/setLookPosition (DDDFF)V func_75650_a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/updateRotation (FFF)F func_75652_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/setLookPositionWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FF)V func_75651_a (Lpk;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getIsLooking ()Z func_180424_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosX ()D func_180423_e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosY ()D func_180422_f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosZ ()D func_180421_g ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/isUpdating ()Z func_75640_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/setMoveTo (DDDD)V func_75642_a (DDDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/limitAngle (FFF)F func_75639_a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getSpeed ()D func_75638_b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V func_75641_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getX ()D func_179917_d ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getY ()D func_179919_e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getZ ()D func_179918_f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/hasPlayerGotBoneInHand (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75382_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/getNearbyMate ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal; func_75389_f ()Ltm;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/spawnBaby ()V func_75388_i ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isStairOrSlab (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_151498_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isSpeedBoosted ()Z func_82634_f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/boostSpeed ()V func_82632_g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isControlledByPlayer ()Z func_82633_h ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/getBlockDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor; func_179506_a (Lcj;)Lagh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/getEatingGrassTimer ()I func_151499_f ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/findPossibleShelter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75366_f ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z func_71519_b (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/func_181065_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_181065_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/setMutexBits (I)V func_75248_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/isInterruptible ()Z func_75252_g ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/getMutexBits ()I func_75247_h ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/onUpdateTasks ()V func_75774_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/addTask (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase;)V func_75776_a (ILrd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/removeTask (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase;)V func_85156_a (Lrd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/canContinue (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z func_75773_a (Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/areTasksCompatible (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z func_75777_a (Lre$a;Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/canUse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z func_75775_b (Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179488_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/checkSufficientDoorsPresentForNewVillager ()Z func_75446_f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/giveBirth ()V func_75447_i ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D func_179512_a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doesDoorListContain (Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo;)Z func_75413_a (Lte;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/findNearestDoor (Lnet/minecraft/village/Village;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; func_75412_a (Ltf;)Lte;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/resizeDoorList ()V func_75414_f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179488_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/getIsAboveDestination ()Z func_179487_f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/searchForDestination ()Z func_179489_g ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179488_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/setExecutionChance (I)V func_179479_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/makeUpdate ()V func_179480_f ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/setSitting (Z)V func_75270_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/isRunning ()Z func_75277_f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/setEntityAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_179446_a (Lpy;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving; a (Lsn;)Lps;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/getFollowRange ()D func_179438_f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving; a (Lso;)Lps;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/maxTargetRange ()D func_179431_f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/compare (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/canEasilyReach (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_75295_a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/isSuitableTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Z)Z func_75296_a (Lpr;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/isSuitableTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;ZZ)Z func_179445_a (Lps;Lpr;ZZ)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/getTargetDistance ()D func_111175_f ()D
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; func_179679_a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isSafeToStandAt (IIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;DD)Z func_179683_a (IIIIIILaui;DD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z func_75493_a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setAvoidsWater (Z)V func_179690_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/canNavigate ()Z func_75485_k ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isPositionClear (IIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;DD)Z func_179692_b (IIIIIILaui;DD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setBreakDoors (Z)V func_179688_b (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75502_i ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setEnterDoors (Z)V func_179691_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/removeSunnyPath ()V func_75487_m ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setCanSwim (Z)V func_179693_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getAvoidsWater ()Z func_179689_e ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setAvoidSun (Z)V func_179685_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getEnterDoors ()Z func_179686_g ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getCanSwim ()Z func_179684_h ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getPathablePosY ()I func_179687_p ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; func_179679_a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setSpeed (D)V func_75489_a (D)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToXYZ (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_75488_a (DDD)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/tryMoveToXYZ (DDDD)Z func_75492_a (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setHeightRequirement (F)V func_179678_a (F)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setPath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity;D)Z func_75484_a (Lasx;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/checkForStuck (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)V func_179677_a (Laui;)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z func_75493_a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_179680_a (Lcj;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_75494_a (Lpk;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/tryMoveToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Z func_75497_a (Lpk;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/canNavigate ()Z func_75485_k ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75502_i ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/removeSunnyPath ()V func_75487_m ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathSearchRange ()F func_111269_d ()F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPath ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_75505_d ()Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/onUpdateNavigation ()V func_75501_e ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathFollow ()V func_75508_h ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/noPath ()Z func_75500_f ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/clearPathEntity ()V func_75499_g ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/isInLiquid ()Z func_75506_l ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/getPathToPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_179680_a (Lcj;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/getPathToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; func_75494_a (Lpk;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/tryMoveToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Z func_75497_a (Lpk;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/onUpdateNavigation ()V func_75501_e ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; func_179679_a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z func_75493_a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/canNavigate ()Z func_75485_k ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75502_i ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/removeSunnyPath ()V func_75487_m ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/pathFollow ()V func_75508_h ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/func_147209_d ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_147209_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/clearSensingCache ()V func_75523_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/canSee (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_75522_a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;II)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75463_a (Lpy;II)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlockTowards (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75464_a (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlockAwayFrom (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75461_b (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlock (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_75462_c (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/resetDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()V func_75466_d ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/func_179849_a (I)V func_179849_a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getFaceDirection (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_179854_a (II)Lcq;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceToDoorBlockSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_179848_a (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/setIsDetachedFromVillageFlag (Z)V func_179853_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/incrementDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()V func_75470_e ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceSquared (III)I func_75474_b (III)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceToInsideBlockSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I func_179846_b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()I func_75468_f ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/func_179850_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179850_c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDoorBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179852_d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_179856_e ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideOffsetX ()I func_179847_f ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideOffsetZ ()I func_179855_g ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsidePosY ()I func_75473_b ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getIsDetachedFromVillageFlag ()Z func_179851_i ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/getCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180608_a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/Village/tick (I)V func_75560_a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_82691_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179866_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179866_a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179862_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_179862_a (Lcj;III)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179861_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179861_a (Lcj;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/readVillageDataFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_82690_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getReputationForPlayer (Ljava/lang/String;)I func_82684_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/village/Village/setReputationForPlayer (Ljava/lang/String;I)I func_82688_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/village/Village/addOrRenewAgressor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_75575_a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/addVillageDoorInfo (Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo;)V func_75576_a (Lte;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getVillageRadius ()I func_75568_b ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/setDefaultPlayerReputation (I)V func_82683_b (I)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNearestDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; func_179865_b (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/writeVillageDataToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_82689_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/findNearestVillageAggressor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_75571_b (Lpr;)Lpr;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNumVillageDoors ()I func_75567_c ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/getDoorInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; func_179863_c (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNearestTargetPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_82685_c (Lpr;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getTicksSinceLastDoorAdding ()I func_75561_d ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/isPlayerReputationTooLow (Ljava/lang/String;)Z func_82687_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNumVillagers ()I func_75562_e ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/getExistedDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; func_179864_e (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getVillageDoorInfoList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75558_f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/village/Village/isWoodDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179860_f (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/isAnnihilated ()Z func_75566_g ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/endMatingSeason ()V func_82692_h ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/isMatingSeason ()Z func_82686_i ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateNumIronGolems ()V func_75579_h ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateNumVillagers ()V func_75572_i ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/removeDeadAndOldAgressors ()V func_75565_j ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/removeDeadAndOutOfRangeDoors ()V func_75557_k ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateVillageRadiusAndCenter ()V func_75573_l ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/tick ()V func_75528_a ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/func_179867_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_179867_a (Lcj;)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/func_75529_b ()Z func_75529_b ()Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/spawnZombie ()Z func_75530_c ()Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/tick ()V func_75544_a ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/setWorldsForAll (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V func_82566_a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/fileNameForProvider (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Ljava/lang/String; func_176062_a (Lanm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addToVillagerPositionList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176060_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/getNearestVillage (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/village/Village; func_176056_a (Lcj;I)Ltf;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/countBlocksCanSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)I func_176061_a (Lcj;Lcq;I)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76184_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/getVillageList ()Ljava/util/List; func_75540_b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addDoorsAround (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180609_b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_76187_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/checkDoorExistence (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; func_176055_c (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addToNewDoorsList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_176059_d (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/removeAnnihilatedVillages ()V func_75549_c ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/positionInList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176057_e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/dropOldestVillagerPosition ()V func_75543_d ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/isWoodDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_176058_f (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addNewDoorsToVillageOrCreateVillage ()V func_75545_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature/allowLeashing ()Z func_110164_bC ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/isDateAroundHalloween (Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z func_175569_a (Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/setIsBatHanging (Z)V func_82236_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/doesEntityNotTriggerPressurePlate ()Z func_145773_az ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getSoundPitch ()F func_70647_i ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V func_85033_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getIsBatHanging ()Z func_82235_h ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_82167_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z func_70878_b (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/consumeItemFromStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_175505_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/setInLove (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_146082_f (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getPlayerInLove ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_146083_cb ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/isInLove ()Z func_70880_s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/resetInLove ()V func_70875_t ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/updateRiderPosition ()V func_70043_V ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken; func_90011_a (Lph;)Ltn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/isChickenJockey ()Z func_152116_bZ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/setChickenJockey (Z)V func_152117_i (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lto;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onInventoryChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic;)V func_76316_a (Loq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getClosestHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse; func_110250_a (Lpk;D)Ltp;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropItemsInChest (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/AnimalChest;)V func_110240_a (Lpk;Lxj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z func_70878_b (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isArmorItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_146085_a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setScaleForAge (Z)V func_98054_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/updateRiderPosition ()V func_70043_V ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setOwnerId (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_152120_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isMovementBlocked ()Z func_70610_aX ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I func_70641_bl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseWatchableBoolean (IZ)V func_110208_b (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isBreeding ()Z func_110205_ce ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHasReproduced ()Z func_110243_cf ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTemper ()I func_110252_cg ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prepareChunkForSpawn ()Z func_110262_ch ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropChests ()V func_110224_ci ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseJumpStrength ()D func_110215_cj ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isHorseSaddled ()Z func_110257_ck ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getAngrySoundName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110217_cl ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMaxTemper ()I func_110218_cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110239_cn ()Z func_110239_cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_175507_cI ()Z func_175507_cI ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; func_110264_co ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getVariantTexturePaths ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_110212_cp ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canWearArmor ()Z func_110259_cr ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canCarryChest ()Z func_110229_cs ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isUndead ()Z func_110256_cu ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isSterile ()Z func_110222_cv ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/makeHorseRearWithSound ()V func_110231_cz ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropChestItems ()V func_110244_cA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110266_cB ()V func_110266_cB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getChestSize ()I func_110225_cC ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/allowLeashing ()Z func_110164_bC ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseType ()I func_110265_bP ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseVariant ()I func_110202_bQ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isAdultHorse ()Z func_110228_bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isTame ()Z func_110248_bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110253_bW ()Z func_110253_bW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; func_152119_ch ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseSize ()F func_110254_bY ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isHorseJumping ()Z func_110246_bZ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isChested ()Z func_110261_ca ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseArmorIndexSynced ()I func_110241_cb ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isEatingHaystack ()Z func_110204_cc ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isRearing ()Z func_110209_cd ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/initHorseChest ()V func_110226_cD ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/updateHorseSlots ()V func_110232_cE ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/resetTexturePrefix ()V func_110230_cF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseTexturePaths ()V func_110247_cG ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110210_cH ()V func_110210_cH ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openHorseMouth ()V func_110249_cI ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canMate ()Z func_110200_cJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/makeHorseRear ()V func_110220_cK ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedMaxHealth ()F func_110267_cL ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedJumpStrength ()D func_110245_cM ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedMovementSpeed ()D func_110203_cN ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseArmorStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_146086_d (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseArmorIndex (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_110260_d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setEating (Z)V func_70019_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openGUI (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_110199_f (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setTamedBy (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_110263_g (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/mountTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_110237_h (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isOnLadder ()Z func_70617_f_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseTamed (Z)V func_110234_j (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseJumping (Z)V func_110255_k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setBreeding (Z)V func_110242_l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_142017_o (F)V func_142017_o (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setChested (Z)V func_110207_m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getGrassEatingAmount (F)F func_110258_o (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHasReproduced (Z)V func_110221_n (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getRearingAmount (F)F func_110223_p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseSaddled (Z)V func_110251_o (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMouthOpennessAngle (F)F func_110201_q (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseType (I)V func_110214_p (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setEatingHaystack (Z)V func_110227_p (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseVariant (I)V func_110235_q (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setRearing (Z)V func_110219_q (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setTemper (I)V func_110238_s (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/spawnHorseParticles (Z)V func_110216_r (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/increaseTemper (I)I func_110198_t (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setJumpPower (I)V func_110206_u (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseWatchableBoolean (I)Z func_110233_w (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lto;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom; func_90011_a (Lph;)Ltr;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z func_70878_b (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lts;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setupTamedAI ()V func_175544_ck ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getTameSkin ()I func_70913_u ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setTamed (Z)V func_70903_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setTameSkin (I)V func_70912_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V func_70077_a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig; func_90011_a (Lph;)Ltt;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/canBeSteered ()Z func_82171_bF ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getSaddled ()Z func_70901_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getAIControlledByPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer; func_82183_n ()Lqw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/setSaddled (Z)V func_70900_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D func_179512_a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/getSpeed ()F func_180072_a ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/func_180074_b ()F func_180074_b ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/getDuration ()I func_180075_c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/func_180073_d ()I func_180073_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType; values ()[Ltu$b;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/func_180066_a (Z)V func_180066_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/doJump ()V func_75661_b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/getIsJumping ()Z func_180067_c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/func_180065_d ()Z func_180065_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V func_75641_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIPanic/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179488_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/spawnRunningParticles ()V func_174830_Y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/calculateRotationYaw (DD)V func_175533_a (DD)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setMoveType (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V func_175522_a (Ltu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit;)Z a (Ltu;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isRabbitBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_175525_a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setJumping (ZLnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V func_175519_a (ZLtu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setMovementSpeed (D)V func_175515_b (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit; func_90011_a (Lph;)Ltu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/doMovementAction (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V func_175524_b (Ltu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getJumpUpwardsMotion ()F func_175134_bD ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175523_cj ()Z func_175523_cj ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getJumpingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_175516_ck ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getRabbitType ()I func_175531_cl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getMoveTypeDuration ()I func_175532_cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createEatingParticles ()V func_175528_cn ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175518_cr ()V func_175518_cr ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175520_cs ()V func_175520_cs ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/updateMoveTypeDuration ()V func_175530_ct ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175517_cu ()V func_175517_cu ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isCarrotEaten ()Z func_175534_cv ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175521_o (F)F func_175521_o (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setRabbitType (I)V func_175529_r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep$1/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getRandomSheepColor (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_175510_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDyeColorMixFromParents (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_175511_a (Ltm;Ltm;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDyeRgb (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)[F func_175513_a (Lzd;)[F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep; func_90011_a (Lph;)Ltv;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/setFleeceColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)V func_175512_b (Lzd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getFleeceColor ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_175509_cj ()Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getSheared ()Z func_70892_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/setSheared (Z)V func_70893_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHeadRotationPointY (F)F func_70894_j (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHeadRotationAngleX (F)F func_70890_k (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/eatGrassBonus ()V func_70615_aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_82196_d (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/isInWater ()Z func_70090_H ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;)Z a (Ltx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/func_175568_b (FFF)V func_175568_b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/func_175567_n ()Z func_175567_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper;)D a (Lty$a;)D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Z)Z a (Lty$a;Lpr;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/canAttackClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z func_70686_a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/setHoldingRose (Z)V func_70851_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getAttackTimer ()I func_70854_o ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getHoldRoseTick ()I func_70853_p ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/isPlayerCreated ()Z func_70850_q ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/decreaseAirSupply (I)I func_70682_h (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/setPlayerCreated (Z)V func_70849_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getVillage ()Lnet/minecraft/village/Village; func_70852_n ()Ltf;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_82167_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/onEntityUpdate ()V func_70030_z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/isPushedByWater ()Z func_96092_aw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/canBreatheUnderwater ()Z func_70648_aU ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/shouldAttackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_142018_a (Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z func_70878_b (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setCollarColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)V func_175547_a (Lzd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lua;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I func_70646_bf ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I func_70641_bl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/allowLeashing ()Z func_110164_bC ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isWolfWet ()Z func_70921_u ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getTailRotation ()F func_70920_v ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isAngry ()Z func_70919_bu ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getCollarColor ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_175546_cu ()Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isBegging ()Z func_70922_bv ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70624_b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70877_b (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getShakeAngle (FF)F func_70923_f (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setTamed (Z)V func_70903_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setAngry (Z)V func_70916_h (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getShadingWhileWet (F)F func_70915_j (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setBegging (Z)V func_70918_i (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getInterestedAngle (F)F func_70917_k (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getHealth ()F func_110143_aJ ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getMaxHealth ()F func_110138_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_82194_d ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart/attackEntityFromPart (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70965_a (Lue;Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/isEntityEqual (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70028_i (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/despawnEntity ()V func_70623_bb ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onKillCommand ()V func_174812_G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_82194_d ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/generatePortal (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_175499_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/collideWithEntities (Ljava/util/List;)V func_70970_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntityFromPart (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70965_a (Lue;Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getParts ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_70021_al ()[Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onDeathUpdate ()V func_70609_aI ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/simplifyAngle (D)F func_70973_b (D)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getMovementOffsets (IF)[D func_70974_a (IF)[D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/destroyBlocksInAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z func_70972_a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntitiesInList (Ljava/util/List;)V func_70971_b (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/setNewTarget ()V func_70967_k ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackDragonFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_82195_e (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/updateDragonEnderCrystal ()V func_70969_j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/despawnEntity ()V func_70623_bb ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82207_a (I)F func_82207_a (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/launchWitherSkullToCoords (IDDDZ)V func_82209_a (IDDDZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/launchWitherSkullToEntity (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_82216_a (ILpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/canDestroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_181033_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70078_a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_82196_d (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/setInWeb ()V func_70110_aj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82204_b (FFF)F func_82204_b (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82210_r (I)F func_82210_r (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/updateWatchedTargetId (II)V func_82211_c (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/addPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V func_70690_d (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getInvulTime ()I func_82212_n ()I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/isArmored ()Z func_82205_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82206_m ()V func_82206_m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/setInvulTime (I)V func_82215_s (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getWatchedTargetId (I)I func_82203_t (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82214_u (I)D func_82214_u (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82208_v (I)D func_82208_v (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82213_w (I)D func_82213_w (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/playParticles ()V func_175412_z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/updatePotionMetadata ()V func_175135_B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/dropBlock ()V func_175421_A ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/dropContents ()V func_175409_C ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/onKillCommand ()V func_174812_G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/damageArmorStand (F)V func_175406_a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setHeadRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175415_a (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/func_175422_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V func_175422_a (Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/interactAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z func_174825_a (Lwn;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/func_181550_a (Z)V func_181550_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isImmuneToExplosions ()Z func_180427_aV ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70035_c ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setBodyRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175424_b (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70694_bm ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V func_85033_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isServerWorld ()Z func_70613_aW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setLeftArmRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175405_c (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setRightArmRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175428_d (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setLeftLegRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175417_e (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setInvisible (Z)V func_82142_c (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setRightLegRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V func_175427_f (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/updateDistance (FF)F func_110146_f (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/writePoseToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_175416_h (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setSmall (Z)V func_175420_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isChild ()Z func_70631_g_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setNoGravity (Z)V func_175425_j (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setShowArms (Z)V func_175413_k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setNoBasePlate (Z)V func_175426_l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isSmall ()Z func_175410_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setMarker (Z)V func_181027_m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasNoGravity ()Z func_175423_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71124_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getShowArms ()Z func_175402_q ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82169_q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasNoBasePlate ()Z func_175414_r ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasMarker ()Z func_181026_s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_82167_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getHeadRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175418_s ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getBodyRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175408_t ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getLeftArmRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175404_u ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getRightArmRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175411_v ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getLeftLegRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175403_w ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getRightLegRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; func_175407_x ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/readPoseFromNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_175419_y ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/func_174858_a (I)D func_174858_a (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/updateFacingWithBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_174859_a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHorizontalFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; func_174811_aO ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/shouldSetPosAfterLoading ()Z func_142008_O ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/setPosition (DDD)V func_70107_b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_110128_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/moveEntity (DDD)V func_70091_d (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/addVelocity (DDD)V func_70024_g (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onValidSurface ()Z func_70518_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getWidthPixels ()I func_82329_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/hitByEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_85031_j (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHeightPixels ()I func_82330_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHangingPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_174857_n ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/updateBoundingBox ()V func_174856_o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setItemRotation (I)V func_82336_g (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/func_174865_a (IZ)V func_174865_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/dropItemOrSelf (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V func_146065_b (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setDisplayedItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82334_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setDisplayedItemWithUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)V func_174864_a (Lzx;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getCollisionBorderSize ()F func_70111_Y ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_110128_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/removeFrameFromMap (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_110131_b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getWidthPixels ()I func_82329_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getHeightPixels ()I func_82330_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getDisplayedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82335_i ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getRotation ()I func_82333_j ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/func_174866_q ()I func_174866_q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/createKnot (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot; func_174862_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Lup;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/updateFacingWithBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_174859_a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getKnotForPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot; func_174863_b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lup;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_110128_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/writeToNBTOptional (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_70039_c (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/onValidSurface ()Z func_70518_d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getWidthPixels ()I func_82329_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getHeightPixels ()I func_82330_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Luq$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt; values ()[Luq$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/setLocationAndAngles (DDDFF)V func_70012_b (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_110128_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/getWidthPixels ()I func_82329_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/getHeightPixels ()I func_82330_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/handleHookCasting (DDDFF)V func_146035_c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/func_174855_j ()Ljava/util/List; func_174855_j ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/handleHookRetraction ()I func_146034_e ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/getFishingResult ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_146033_f ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/setEnchantable ()Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable; func_150707_a ()Lus;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/setMaxDamagePercent (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable; func_150709_a (F)Lus;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/getItemStack (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_150708_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70046_E ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180433_a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setDamageTaken (F)V func_70266_a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setTimeSinceHit (I)V func_70265_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setIsBoatEmpty (Z)V func_70270_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/updateRiderPosition ()V func_70043_V ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getMountedYOffset ()D func_70042_X ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/performHurtAnimation ()V func_70057_ab ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setForwardDirection (I)V func_70269_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getDamageTaken ()F func_70271_g ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70114_g (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getTimeSinceHit ()I func_70268_h ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getForwardDirection ()I func_70267_i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/addEntityCrashInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V func_85029_a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/setHurtEntities (Z)V func_145806_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canRenderOnFire ()Z func_90999_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/getWorldObj ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_145807_e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175131_l ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/handleWaterMovement ()Z func_70072_I ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setPickupDelay (I)V func_174867_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/combineItems (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Z func_70289_a (Luz;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setEntityItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_92058_a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setOwner (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145797_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/travelToDimension (I)V func_71027_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setThrower (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_145799_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70100_b_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/dealFireDamage (I)V func_70081_e (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setAgeToCreativeDespawnTime ()V func_70288_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getEntityItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_92059_d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getOwner ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145798_i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getThrower ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145800_j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getAge ()I func_174872_o ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setDefaultPickupDelay ()V func_174869_p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setNoPickupDelay ()V func_174868_q ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setInfinitePickupDelay ()V func_174871_r ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/cannotPickup ()Z func_174874_s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setNoDespawn ()V func_174873_u ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/func_174870_v ()V func_174870_v ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/searchForOtherItemsNearby ()V func_85054_d ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/getNetworkID ()I func_180039_a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/byNetworkID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180038_a (I)Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_180040_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; values ()[Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70046_E ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_70495_a (DDDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70495_a (DDDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDamage (F)V func_70492_c (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V func_96095_a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart; func_180458_a (Ladm;DDDLva$a;)Lva;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_174899_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_174899_a (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_180460_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180460_a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setCustomNameTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_96094_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setHasDisplayTile (Z)V func_94096_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCustomNameTag ()Ljava/lang/String; func_95999_t ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canBePushed ()Z func_70104_M ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMountedYOffset ()D func_70042_X ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/performHurtAnimation ()V func_70057_ab ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setPosition (DDD)V func_70107_b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70108_f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setRollingAmplitude (I)V func_70497_h (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; func_70114_g (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_70489_a (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_70489_a (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setRollingDirection (I)V func_70494_i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDisplayTileOffset (I)V func_94086_l (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMaximumSpeed ()D func_174898_m ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/moveDerailedMinecart ()V func_180459_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/applyDrag ()V func_94101_h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDamage ()F func_70491_i ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getRollingAmplitude ()I func_70496_j ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getRollingDirection ()I func_70493_k ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_174897_t ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayTileOffset ()I func_94099_q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I func_94085_r ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/hasDisplayTile ()Z func_94100_s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I func_94085_r ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180425_c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; func_174791_d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_130014_f_ ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; func_174793_f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/updateCommand ()V func_145756_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/func_145751_f ()I func_145751_f ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V func_96095_a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V func_145781_i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getCommandBlockLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic; func_145822_e ()Ladc;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V func_174892_a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/travelToDimension (I)V func_71027_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; func_174891_i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/applyDrag ()V func_94101_h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isLocked ()Z func_174893_q_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/func_180460_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_180460_a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/setMinecartPowered (Z)V func_94107_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/isMinecartPowered ()Z func_94108_c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getMaximumSpeed ()D func_174898_m ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/applyDrag ()V func_94101_h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getXPos ()D func_96107_aA ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getYPos ()D func_96109_aB ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getZPos ()D func_96108_aC ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/func_96112_aD ()Z func_96112_aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/canTransfer ()Z func_98043_aE ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V func_96095_a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; func_174876_a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/setBlocked (Z)V func_96110_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; func_174875_k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/setTransferTicker (I)V func_98042_n (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I func_94085_r ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getBlocked ()Z func_96111_ay ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_145831_w ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V func_96095_a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_130002_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; func_98271_a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/func_98267_a (I)V func_98267_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_177221_b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/func_98039_d ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic; func_98039_d ()Ladd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V func_96095_a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F func_180428_a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/verifyExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)Z func_174816_a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_94095_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/explodeCart (D)V func_94103_c (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/ignite ()V func_94105_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getFuseTicks ()I func_94104_d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; func_180456_s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_180457_u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/isIgnited ()Z func_96096_ay ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/getTntPlacedBy ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_94083_c ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/explode ()V func_70515_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/setOnFire (Z)V func_70844_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/isBurning ()Z func_70027_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/func_70845_n ()Z func_70845_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/isValidLightLevel ()Z func_70814_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getCreeperFlashIntensity (F)F func_70831_j (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/setCreeperState (I)V func_70829_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V func_70077_a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getMaxFallHeight ()I func_82143_as ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getCreeperState ()I func_70832_p ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/hasIgnited ()Z func_146078_ca ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/ignite ()V func_146079_cb ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/isAIEnabled ()Z func_70650_aV ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/func_175493_co ()V func_175493_co ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/explode ()V func_146077_cc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getPowered ()Z func_70830_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)Z a (Lvp;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/func_179474_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_179474_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lafh;Lafh;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/setHeldBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V func_175490_a (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lvo;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;Z)Z a (Lvo;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/setScreaming (Z)V func_70819_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70816_c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/shouldAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70821_d (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getHeldBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; func_175489_ck ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/isScreaming ()Z func_70823_r ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; cp ()Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$300 ()Ljava/util/Set; cq ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportTo (DDD)Z func_70825_j (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportRandomly ()Z func_70820_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/setSpawnedByPlayer (Z)V func_175496_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/isSpawnedByPlayer ()Z func_175495_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/isValidLightLevel ()Z func_70814_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/isNotColliding (DDDD)Z func_179926_b (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V func_75641_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/setAttacking (Z)V func_175454_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I func_70641_bl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getFireballStrength ()I func_175453_cd ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/isAttacking ()Z func_110182_bF ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/resetTask ()V func_75251_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V func_75641_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175471_a (F)F func_175471_a (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isSyncedFlagSet (I)Z func_175468_a (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setSyncedFlag (IZ)V func_175473_a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander; a (Lvt;)Lrz;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;I)V a (Lvt;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;Z)V a (Lvt;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setElder (Z)V func_175467_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setTargetedEntity (I)V func_175463_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; func_175447_b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I func_70646_bf ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175464_ck ()I func_175464_ck ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isElder ()Z func_175461_cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setElder ()V func_175465_cm ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/hasTargetedEntity ()Z func_175474_cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getTargetedEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_175466_co ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V func_145781_i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175476_l (Z)V func_175476_l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175472_n ()Z func_175472_n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isValidLightLevel ()Z func_70814_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175469_o (F)F func_175469_o (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175477_p (F)F func_175477_p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getTalkInterval ()I func_70627_aG ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/isBurning ()Z func_70027_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/jump ()V func_70664_aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/handleJumpLava ()V func_180466_bG ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/createInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime; func_70802_j ()Lwb;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getJumpDelay ()I func_70806_k ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/alterSquishAmount ()V func_70808_l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/canDamagePlayer ()Z func_70800_m ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getAttackStrength ()I func_70805_n ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getJumpSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70803_o ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/makesSoundOnLand ()Z func_70804_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; func_180487_n ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145776_H ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145777_O ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/canDropLoot ()Z func_146066_aG ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_146067_o (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/isValidLightLevel ()Z func_70814_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor/setEntityAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_179446_a (Lpy;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V func_180481_a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lvw;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/becomeAngryAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70835_c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70604_c (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/isNotColliding ()Z func_70058_J ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/isAngry ()Z func_175457_ck ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/applyEntityAI ()V func_175456_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/IRangedAttackMob/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_82196_d (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/readAttributeModifierFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; func_111259_a (Ldn;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeAttributeInstanceToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_111261_a (Lqc;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/applyModifiersToAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_111258_a (Lqc;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeAttributeModifierToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_111262_a (Lqd;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeBaseAttributeMapToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_111257_a (Lqf;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/setAttributeModifiers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_151475_a (Lqf;Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/func_179462_f ()V func_179462_f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F func_180484_a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getYOffset ()D func_70033_W ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/isValidLightLevel ()Z func_70814_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setSkeletonType (I)V func_82201_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V func_180481_a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_82196_d (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/updateRidden ()V func_70098_U ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getYOffset ()D func_70033_W ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getSkeletonType ()I func_82202_m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setCombatTask ()V func_85036_m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/startExecuting ()V func_75249_e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/setSpeed (D)V func_179921_a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/func_179920_a (FZ)V func_179920_a (FZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V func_75641_c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/updateTask ()V func_75246_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/setSlimeSize (I)V func_70799_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getSoundVolume ()F func_70599_aP ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/jump ()V func_70664_aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I func_70646_bf ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getCanSpawnHere ()Z func_70601_bi ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/createInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime; func_70802_j ()Lwb;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getJumpDelay ()I func_70806_k ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/alterSquishAmount ()V func_70808_l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/canDamagePlayer ()Z func_70800_m ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getAttackStrength ()I func_70805_n ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getJumpSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70803_o ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/makesSoundOnLand ()Z func_70804_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getSlimeSize ()I func_70809_q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/makesSoundOnJump ()Z func_70807_r ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70100_b_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/func_175451_e (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_175451_e (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V func_145781_i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_70108_f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; func_180487_n ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D func_179512_a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack/continueExecuting ()Z func_75253_b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$GroupData/func_111104_a (Ljava/util/Random;)V func_111104_a (Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget/shouldExecute ()Z func_75250_a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/setBesideClimbableBlock (Z)V func_70839_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/setInWeb ()V func_70110_aj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getMountedYOffset ()D func_70042_X ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; func_175447_b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isPotionApplicable (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Z func_70687_e (Lpf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isOnLadder ()Z func_70617_f_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isBesideClimbableBlock ()Z func_70841_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V func_82196_d (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/setAggressive (Z)V func_82197_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/dropFewItems (ZI)V func_70628_a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/applyPotionDamageCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F func_70672_c (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getAggressive ()Z func_82198_m ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_146068_u ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/multiplySize (F)V func_146069_a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setSize (FF)V func_70105_a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/startConversion (I)V func_82228_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_180429_a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V func_180481_a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70074_a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/func_175448_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_175448_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setBreakDoorsAItask (Z)V func_146070_a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getYOffset ()D func_70033_W ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/addRandomDrop ()V func_82164_bB ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; func_70668_bt ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isBreakDoorsTaskSet ()Z func_146072_bX ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isVillager ()Z func_82231_m ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isConverting ()Z func_82230_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/convertToVillager ()V func_82232_p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getConversionTimeBoost ()I func_82233_q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isChild ()Z func_70631_g_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setChild (Z)V func_82227_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setVillager (Z)V func_82229_g (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/applyEntityAI ()V func_175456_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setChildSize (Z)V func_146071_k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70652_k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V func_70933_a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V func_70930_a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70932_a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_110297_a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; func_70934_b (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_70931_l_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ITradeList/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179401_a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$PriceInfo/getPrice (Ljava/util/Random;)I func_179412_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canDespawn ()Z func_70692_ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/updateAITasks ()V func_70619_bc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V func_70933_a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V func_70930_a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/spawnParticles (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;)V func_180489_a (Lcy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; func_180482_a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V func_70077_a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/updateEquipmentIfNeeded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V func_175445_a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70085_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canVillagerPickupItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_175558_a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70932_a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_110297_a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager; func_90011_a (Lph;)Lwi;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70604_c (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; func_70934_b (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/allowLeashing ()Z func_110164_bC ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getProfession ()I func_70946_n ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isMating ()Z func_70941_o ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isPlaying ()Z func_70945_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isTrading ()Z func_70940_q ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setLookingForHome ()V func_82187_q ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getVillagerInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic; func_175551_co ()Loq;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/func_175553_cp ()Z func_175553_cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canAbondonItems ()Z func_175555_cq ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/func_175557_cr ()Z func_175557_cr ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isFarmItemInInventory ()Z func_175556_cs ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setAdditionalAItasks ()V func_175552_ct ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/populateBuyingList ()V func_175554_cu ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setMating (Z)V func_70947_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setPlaying (Z)V func_70939_f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onGrowingAdult ()V func_175500_n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getIsWillingToMate (Z)Z func_175550_n (Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setIsWillingToMate (Z)V func_175549_o (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setProfession (I)V func_70938_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/hasEnoughItems (I)Z func_175559_s (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; func_70931_l_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70639_aQ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/getFlySpeed ()F func_75093_a ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/setFlySpeed (F)V func_75092_a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/writeCapabilitiesToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75091_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/getWalkSpeed ()F func_75094_b ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/setPlayerWalkSpeed (F)V func_82877_b (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/readCapabilitiesFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75095_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/damageArmor (F)V func_70449_g (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_146023_a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_70442_a (Ldu;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/consumeInventoryItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_146026_a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventorySlotContainItemAndDamage (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)I func_146024_c (Lzw;I)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/clearMatchingItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)I func_174925_a (Lzw;IILdn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IZZ)V func_146030_a (Lzw;IZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/addItemStackToInventory (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70441_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/canHeldItemHarvest (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_146025_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_70443_b (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/copyInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;)V func_70455_b (Lwm;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z func_146028_b (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70437_b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventorySlotContainItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)I func_146029_c (Lzw;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_70431_c (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/changeCurrentItem (I)V func_70453_c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/storeItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_70432_d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/armorItemInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70440_f (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/storePartialItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_70452_e (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getCurrentItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70448_g ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getHotbarSize ()I func_70451_h ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getFirstEmptyStack ()I func_70447_i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/decrementAnimations ()V func_70429_k ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70430_l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/dropAllItems ()V func_70436_m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70445_o ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; values ()[Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getChatVisibility ()I func_151428_a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getEnumChatVisibility (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; func_151426_a (I)Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getResourceKey ()Ljava/lang/String; func_151429_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; values ()[Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/preparePlayerToSpawn ()V func_70065_x ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setDead ()V func_70106_y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getMaxInPortalTime ()I func_82145_z ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145776_H ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/resetHeight ()V func_71061_d_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExhaustion (F)V func_71020_j (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExperienceLevel (I)V func_82242_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V func_180472_a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic;)V func_146095_a (Ladc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedSpawnLocation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180467_a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71033_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getToolDigEfficiency (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_180471_a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V func_175141_a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/trySleep (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; func_180469_a (Lcj;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canPlayerEdit (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_175151_a (Lcj;Lcq;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setSpawnPoint (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)V func_180473_a (Lcj;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getUUID (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/UUID; func_146094_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175139_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V func_175139_a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V func_85030_a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175145_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V func_175145_a (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V func_71064_a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_71007_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V func_180468_a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canOpen (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)Z func_175146_a (Lon;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V func_70645_a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_70074_a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_110298_a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/joinEntityItemWithWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V func_71012_a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_96122_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/clonePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V func_71049_a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isWearing (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Z func_175148_a (Lwo;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71048_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setItemInUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_71008_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropPlayerItemWithRandomChoice (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_71019_a (Lzx;Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_146097_a (Lzx;ZZ)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropOneItem (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; func_71040_bB (Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/wakeUpPlayer (ZZZ)V func_70999_a (ZZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setInWeb ()V func_70110_aj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPushedByWater ()Z func_96092_aw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z func_94059_bO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/applyEntityAttributes ()V func_110147_ax ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_145777_O ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isEntityInsideOpaqueBlock ()Z func_70094_T ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateRidden ()V func_70098_U ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getYOffset ()D func_70033_W ()D
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getPortalCooldown ()I func_82147_ab ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70035_c ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/removeExperienceLevel (I)V func_71013_b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_146099_a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V func_146105_b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getOfflineUUID (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/UUID; func_175147_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/triggerAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V func_71029_a (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71009_b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addToPlayerScore (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V func_70084_c (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I func_70693_a (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_71010_c (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70694_bm ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isMovementBlocked ()Z func_70610_aX ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/jump ()V func_70664_aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAIMoveSpeed ()F func_70689_ay ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayerSleeping ()Z func_70608_bn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateEntityActionState ()V func_70626_be ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAbsorptionAmount ()F func_110139_bj ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; func_96124_cp ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUse ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71011_bu ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUseCount ()I func_71052_bv ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isUsingItem ()Z func_71039_bw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUseDuration ()I func_71057_bx ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/stopUsingItem ()V func_71034_by ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/clearItemInUse ()V func_71041_bz ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isBlocking ()Z func_70632_aY ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getScore ()I func_71037_bA ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getArmorVisibility ()F func_82243_bO ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getCurrentEquippedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71045_bC ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayer ()Z func_70684_aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70621_aR ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70673_aS ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getTotalArmorValue ()I func_70658_aO ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70062_b (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71047_c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/destroyCurrentEquippedItem ()V func_71028_bD ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/respawnPlayer ()V func_71004_bE ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isUser ()Z func_175144_cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; func_146103_bH ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedOrientationInDegrees ()F func_71051_bG ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayerFullyAsleep ()Z func_71026_bH ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSleepTimer ()I func_71060_bI ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; func_180470_cg ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isSpawnForced ()Z func_82245_bX ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getXPSeed ()I func_175138_ci ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpBarCap ()I func_71050_bK ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getFoodStats ()Lnet/minecraft/util/FoodStats; func_71024_bL ()Lxg;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/shouldHeal ()Z func_70996_bM ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isAllowEdit ()Z func_175142_cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getInventoryEnderChest ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest; func_71005_bN ()Lyd;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getWorldScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; func_96123_co ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/hasReducedDebug ()Z func_175140_cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_174820_d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V func_70665_d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/collideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71044_o (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/fall (FF)V func_180430_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175137_e (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Ljava/util/Collection; func_175137_e (Lpk;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/attackTargetEntityWithCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V func_71059_n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isInvisibleToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_98034_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V func_70612_e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/damageArmor (F)V func_70675_k (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canEat (Z)Z func_71043_e (Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addMovementStat (DDD)V func_71000_j (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setReducedDebug (Z)V func_175150_k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addMountedMovementStat (DDD)V func_71015_k (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onLivingUpdate ()V func_70636_d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setAbsorptionAmount (F)V func_110149_m (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/closeScreen ()V func_71053_j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; func_146067_o (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isInBed ()Z func_175143_p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_71124_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82169_q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setScore (I)V func_85040_s (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onItemUseFinish ()V func_71036_o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addScore (I)V func_85039_t (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sendPlayerAbilities ()V func_71016_p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExperience (I)V func_71023_q (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/interactWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z func_70998_m (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sendCommandFeedback ()Z func_174792_t_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isSpectator ()Z func_175149_v ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartMask ()I func_179327_a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartId ()I func_179328_b ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179329_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/func_179326_d ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_179326_d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts; values ()[Lwo;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V func_180426_a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setKnockbackStrength (I)V func_70240_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setIsCritical (Z)V func_70243_d (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getEyeHeight ()F func_70047_e ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setDamage (D)V func_70239_b (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V func_70186_c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_70100_b_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getDamage ()D func_70242_d ()D
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getIsCritical ()Z func_70241_g ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canTriggerWalking ()Z func_70041_e_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/moveTowards (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V func_180465_a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70227_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getCollisionBorderSize ()F func_70111_Y ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getMotionFactor ()F func_82341_c ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/handleStatusUpdate (B)V func_70103_a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/canAttackWithItem ()Z func_70075_an ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/getBrightnessForRender (F)I func_70070_b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/getBrightness (F)F func_70013_c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70227_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IProjectile/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V func_70186_c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70227_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySnowball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z func_70112_a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V func_70186_c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/setVelocity (DDD)V func_70016_h (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getVelocity ()F func_70182_d ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getInaccuracy ()F func_70183_g ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getGravityVelocity ()F func_70185_h ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getThrower ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; func_85052_h ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEgg/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/func_147202_a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V func_147202_a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/saveProfileResults (JI)V func_147205_a (JI)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getProfileResults (JI)Ljava/lang/String; func_147204_b (JI)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getWittyComment ()Ljava/lang/String; func_147203_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/onUpdate ()V func_70071_h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getVelocity ()F func_70182_d ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getInaccuracy ()F func_70183_g ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getGravityVelocity ()F func_70185_h ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/setPotionDamage (I)V func_82340_a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70184_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70037_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_70014_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getVelocity ()F func_70182_d ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getInaccuracy ()F func_70183_g ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getGravityVelocity ()F func_70185_h ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getPotionDamage ()I func_70196_i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F func_180428_a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V func_70227_a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z func_70097_a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/setInvulnerable (Z)V func_82343_e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/canBeCollidedWith ()Z func_70067_L ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/isBurning ()Z func_70027_ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/entityInit ()V func_70088_a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/getMotionFactor ()F func_82341_c ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/isInvulnerable ()Z func_82342_d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getFoodLevel ()I func_75116_a ()I
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addExhaustion (F)V func_75113_a (F)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/setFoodLevel (I)V func_75114_a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addStats (IF)V func_75122_a (IF)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/readNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75112_a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75118_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addStats (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_151686_a (Lzs;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getPrevFoodLevel ()I func_75120_b ()I
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/setFoodSaturationLevel (F)V func_75119_b (F)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/writeNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_75117_b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/needFood ()Z func_75121_c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getSaturationLevel ()F func_75115_e ()F
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getInventory ()Ljava/util/List; func_75138_a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; func_75139_a (I)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/slotClick (IIILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75144_a (IIILwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/retrySlotClick (IIZLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75133_b (IIZLwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/isValidDragMode (ILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_180610_a (ILwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/putStackInSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75141_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/calcRedstone (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)I func_178144_a (Lakw;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/computeStackSize (Ljava/util/Set;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_94525_a (Ljava/util/Set;ILzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getSlotFromInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; func_75147_a (Log;I)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getNextTransactionID (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;)S func_75136_a (Lwm;)S
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/enchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Z func_75140_a (Lwn;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/setCanCraft (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V func_75128_a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/addSlotToContainer (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; func_75146_a (Lyg;)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canAddItemToSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)Z func_94527_a (Lyg;Lzx;Z)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/mergeItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IIZ)Z func_75135_a (Lzx;IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94530_a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/putStacksInSlots ([Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75131_a ([Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/detectAndSendChanges ()V func_75142_b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/extractDragMode (I)I func_94529_b (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/calcRedstoneFromInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)I func_94526_b (Log;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/removeCraftingFromCrafters (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_82847_b (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canDragIntoSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94531_b (Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getDragEvent (I)I func_94532_c (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getCanCraft (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75129_b (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/resetDrag ()V func_94533_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/func_94534_d (II)I func_94534_d (II)I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$1/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/canTakeStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_82869_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateItemName (Ljava/lang/String;)V func_82850_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; a (Lxk;)Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair;)I b (Lxk;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateRepairOutput ()V func_82848_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/func_180611_e ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; func_180611_e ()Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/canHoldPotion (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75243_a_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/detectAndSendChanges ()V func_75142_b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V func_71112_a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_71111_a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V func_71110_a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_175173_a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/getLowerChestInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; func_85151_d ()Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getStackInRowAndColumn (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70463_b (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getHeight ()I func_174923_h ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getWidth ()I func_174922_i ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94530_a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$3/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Z func_75140_a (Lwn;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/func_178148_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)Ljava/util/List; func_178148_a (Lzx;II)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/detectAndSendChanges ()V func_75142_b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/getLapisAmount ()I func_178147_e ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_178170_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/isBucket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_178173_c_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/detectAndSendChanges ()V func_75142_b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75209_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_75210_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75208_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$1/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/canBeHovered ()Z func_111238_b ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178171_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z func_94530_a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V func_71541_a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setCurrentRecipeIndex (I)V func_70471_c (I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/inventoryResetNeededOnSlotChange (I)Z func_70469_d (I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/resetRecipeAndSlots ()V func_70470_g ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getCurrentRecipe ()Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe; func_70468_h ()Lacz;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V func_75130_a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_75145_c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V func_75132_a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/detectAndSendChanges ()V func_75142_b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/updateProgressBar (II)V func_75137_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_75134_a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82846_b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/setCurrentRecipeIndex (I)V func_75175_c (I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/getMerchantInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant; func_75174_d ()Lya;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75209_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/doTrade (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75230_a (Lacz;Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_75210_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75208_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/setChestTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest;)V func_146031_a (Lalf;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/loadInventoryFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V func_70486_a (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/saveInventoryToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_70487_g ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70301_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70298_a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_70299_a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_70300_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getField (I)I func_174887_a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_70304_b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/setField (II)V func_174885_b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_94041_b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174889_b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_174886_c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_70005_c_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_145748_c_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getFieldCount ()I func_174890_g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/clear ()V func_174888_l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/hasCustomName ()Z func_145818_k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getSizeInventory ()I func_70302_i_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/markDirty ()V func_70296_d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getInventoryStackLimit ()I func_70297_j_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75209_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_75210_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75208_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getSlotStackLimit ()I func_75219_a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75209_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/isHere (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Z func_75217_a (Log;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/canTakeStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z func_82869_a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82870_a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_75214_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_75210_a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onSlotChange (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75220_a (Lzx;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/canBeHovered ()Z func_111238_b ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_178170_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; func_178171_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75208_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_75211_c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/putStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_75215_d (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getHasStack ()Z func_75216_d ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onSlotChanged ()V func_75218_e ()V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAnvilBlock/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$1/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_82487_b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getEnchantability ()I func_78045_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getDurability (I)I func_78046_a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getRepairItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_151685_b ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getDamageReductionAmount (I)I func_78044_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_179242_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; values ()[Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_82789_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_82814_b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V func_82813_b (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/removeColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V func_82815_c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/access$000 ()[I d ()[I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/hasColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_82816_b_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getArmorMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; func_82812_d ()Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand/applyRandomRotations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;Ljava/util/Random;)V func_179221_a (Lum;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_77640_w ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getBaseColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_179225_h (Lzx;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBed/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77658_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_179222_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lwn;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setTileEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_179224_a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemBlock; func_77655_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyo;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_77640_w ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77655_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; func_179223_d ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBoat/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77616_k (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemGlassBottle/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V func_77615_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSoup/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/tryPlaceContainedLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180616_a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/fillBucket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_150910_a (Lzx;Lwn;Lzw;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z func_77629_n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase/createMapDataPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; func_150911_c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase/isMap ()Z func_77643_m_ ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$1/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$10/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$11/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$12/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$2/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$3/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$4/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$5/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$5/getIconItemDamage ()I func_151243_f ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$6/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$7/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$8/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$9/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabIndex ()I func_78021_a ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/hasRelevantEnchantmentType (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)Z func_111226_a (Lacj;)Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setBackgroundImageName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_78025_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/displayAllReleventItems (Ljava/util/List;)V func_78018_a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/addEnchantmentBooksToList (Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)V func_92116_a (Ljava/util/List;[Lacj;)V
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setRelevantEnchantmentTypes ([Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_111229_a ([Lacj;)Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabLabel ()Ljava/lang/String; func_78013_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTranslatedTabLabel ()Ljava/lang/String; func_78024_c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getIconItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_151244_d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_78016_d ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getIconItemDamage ()I func_151243_f ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getBackgroundImageName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_78015_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/drawInForegroundOfTab ()Z func_78019_g ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setNoTitle ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_78014_h ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/shouldHidePlayerInventory ()Z func_78017_i ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setNoScrollbar ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_78022_j ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabColumn ()I func_78020_k ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/isTabInFirstRow ()Z func_78023_l ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getRelevantEnchantmentTypes ()[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; func_111225_m ()[Lacj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I func_82362_a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V func_71515_b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; func_180525_a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z func_82358_a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_71517_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; func_71518_a (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; func_98152_d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_179218_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77644_a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_82789_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getToolMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; func_150913_i ()Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getToolMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77861_e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; func_111205_h ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/placeDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_179235_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoublePlant/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getMetadata ()I func_176765_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/byDyeDamage (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_176766_a (I)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getDyeDamage ()I func_176767_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; func_176764_b (I)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176762_d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; func_176768_e ()Larn;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_176610_l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; values ()[Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/spawnBonemealParticles (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V func_180617_a (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/applyBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_179234_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_111207_a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEgg/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEmptyMap/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getAll (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;Ljava/util/List;)V func_92113_a (Laci;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getEnchantedItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_92111_a (Lacl;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRandom (Ljava/util/Random;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent; func_92112_a (Ljava/util/Random;III)Lob;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/addEnchantment (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData;)V func_92115_a (Lzx;Lacl;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRandom (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent; func_92114_b (Ljava/util/Random;)Lob;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77616_k (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; func_77613_e (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_92110_g (Lzx;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderPearl/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireball/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/addExplosionInfo (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150902_a (Ldn;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/getExplosionTag (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; func_150903_a (Lzx;Ljava/lang/String;)Leb;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getMetadata ()I func_150976_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; func_150974_a (I)Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/byItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; func_150978_a (Lzx;)Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_150972_b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUncookedHealAmount ()I func_150975_c ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUncookedSaturationModifier ()F func_150967_d ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getCookedHealAmount ()I func_150970_e ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getCookedSaturationModifier ()F func_150977_f ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/canCook ()Z func_150973_i ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; values ()[Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77849_c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getHealAmount (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_150905_g (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getSaturationModifier (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F func_150906_h (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_150896_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z func_77629_n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77616_k (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFlintAndSteel/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/setPotionEffect (IIIF)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood; func_77844_a (IIIF)Lzs;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77849_c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/isWolfsFavoriteMeat ()Z func_77845_h ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/setAlwaysEdible ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood; func_77848_i ()Lzs;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getHealAmount (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_150905_g (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getSaturationModifier (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F func_150906_h (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77849_c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; func_77613_e (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/createEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging; func_179233_a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Lun;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/useHoe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z func_179232_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/getMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77842_f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$10/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$10/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$11/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$11/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$12/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$12/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$13/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$13/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$14/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$14/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$15/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$15/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$16/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$16/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$17/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$17/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$4/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$4/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$5/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$5/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$6/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$6/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$7/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$7/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$8/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$8/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$9/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$9/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getMaxUses ()I func_77997_a ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getEfficiencyOnProperMaterial ()F func_77998_b ()F
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getDamageVsEntity ()F func_78000_c ()F
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getHarvestLevel ()I func_77996_d ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getEnchantability ()I func_77995_e ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getRepairItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_150995_f ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; values ()[Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77658_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMetadata (I)I func_77647_b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItem (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V func_179217_a (ILjava/lang/String;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItem (ILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V func_179219_a (ILjy;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMovingObjectPositionFromPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; func_77621_a (Ladm;Lwn;Z)Lauh;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemFromBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_150898_a (Lafh;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItemBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V func_179214_a (Lafh;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/updateItemStackNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z func_179215_a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77637_a (Lyz;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V func_150895_a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77653_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I func_82790_a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_179218_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V func_77663_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77659_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/Item/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V func_77615_a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150893_a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/Item/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_77644_a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V func_77624_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_111207_a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_82789_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setHasSubtypes (Z)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77627_a (Z)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemEnchantability ()I func_77619_b ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemById (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_150899_d (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150897_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getIdFromItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)I func_150891_b (Lzw;)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77654_b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; func_77640_w ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setMaxStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77625_d (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItemBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V func_179216_c (Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77655_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setContainerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77642_a (Lzw;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setMaxDamage (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77656_e (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getByNameOrId (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_111206_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I func_77626_a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onCreated (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77622_d (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z func_77629_n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setPotionEffect (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77631_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77661_b (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77667_c (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/isMap ()Z func_77643_m_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77636_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77616_k (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; func_77613_e (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; func_111205_h ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemStackLimit ()I func_77639_j ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/getPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_150896_i (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getHasSubtypes ()Z func_77614_k ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedNameInefficiently (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; func_77657_g (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMaxDamage ()I func_77612_l ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/isPotionIngredient (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_150892_m (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/isDamageable ()Z func_77645_m ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setFull3D ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77664_n ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getShareTag ()Z func_77651_p ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getContainerItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77668_q ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasContainerItem ()Z func_77634_r ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/canItemEditBlocks ()Z func_82788_x ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItems ()V func_150900_l ()V
net/minecraft/item/Item/isFull3D ()Z func_77662_d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getRepairCost ()I func_82838_A ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; func_111283_C ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; func_151000_E ()Leu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_77977_a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/splitStack (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77979_a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/attemptDamageItem (ILjava/util/Random;)Z func_96631_a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/damageItem (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V func_77972_a (ILpr;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/addEnchantment (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V func_77966_a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_179548_a (Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/updateAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V func_77945_a (Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/useItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77957_a (Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V func_77980_a (Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F func_150997_a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/loadItemStackFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77949_a (Ldn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setTagInfo (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V func_77983_a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getSubCompound (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_179543_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V func_77961_a (Lpr;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItemFrame (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)V func_82842_a (Luo;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_179546_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/interactWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z func_111282_a (Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)Ljava/util/List; func_82840_a (Lwn;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V func_150996_a (Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77969_a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemStackTagsEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77970_a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_77973_b ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItemDamage (I)V func_77964_b (I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77950_b (Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V func_77974_b (Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_150998_b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_77955_b (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/copyItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77944_b (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemStacksEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77989_b (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxStackSize ()I func_77976_d ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setRepairCost (I)V func_82841_c (I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroy (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_179544_c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_77963_c (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setStackDisplayName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_151001_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getIsItemStackEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_179549_c (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemsEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_179545_c (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isStackable ()Z func_77985_e ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z func_179547_d (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setTagCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V func_77982_d (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemStackEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z func_77959_d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemStackDamageable ()Z func_77984_f ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getHasSubtypes ()Z func_77981_g ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemDamaged ()Z func_77951_h ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemDamage ()I func_77952_i ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMetadata ()I func_77960_j ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxDamage ()I func_77958_k ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; func_77946_l ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxItemUseDuration ()I func_77988_m ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemUseAction ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; func_77975_n ()Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasTagCompound ()Z func_77942_o ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; func_77978_p ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getEnchantmentTagList ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; func_77986_q ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; func_82833_r ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/clearCustomName ()V func_135074_t ()V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasDisplayName ()Z func_82837_s ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasEffect ()Z func_77962_s ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getRarity ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; func_77953_t ()Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEnchantable ()Z func_77956_u ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEnchanted ()Z func_77948_v ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canEditBlocks ()Z func_82835_x ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isOnItemFrame ()Z func_82839_y ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemFrame ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame; func_82836_z ()Luo;
net/minecraft/init/Items/getRegisteredItem (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; func_179554_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead/attachToFence (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z func_180618_a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z func_180614_a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
