CLASSES
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote aa
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves aaa
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap aab
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk aac
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart aad
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1 aad$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture aae
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1 aae$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemNameTag aaf
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe aag
net/minecraft/item/ItemPiston aah
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion aai
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity aaj
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord aak
net/minecraft/item/ItemRedstone aal
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle aam
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood aan
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds aao
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears aap
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade aaq
net/minecraft/item/ItemSign aar
net/minecraft/item/ItemSimpleFoiled aas
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull aat
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab aau
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow aav
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnowball aaw
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer aax
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword aay
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored aaz
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant ab
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction aba
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad abb
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook abc
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook abd
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper abe
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes abh
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor abi
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners abj
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$1 abj$1
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern abj$a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern abj$b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning abk
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesDyes abl
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks abm
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesFood abn
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes abo
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning abp
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending abq
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots abr
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe abs
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager abt
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1 abt$1
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem abu
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes abv
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes abw
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesCrafting abx
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools aby
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons abz
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData ac
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage acb
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire acc
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite acd
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback ace
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage acf
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability acg
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging ach
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment aci
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType acj
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper ack
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$1 ack$1
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator ack$a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator ack$b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier ack$c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving ack$d
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage ack$e
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData acl
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect acm
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed acn
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback aco
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus acp
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen acq
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection acr
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns acs
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching act
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker acu
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker acv
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant acy
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe acz
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt ad
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1 ad$1
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList ada
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic adc
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1 adc$1
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2 adc$2
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic add
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart add$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData ade
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer adf
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair adg
net/minecraft/world/Explosion adi
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage adj
net/minecraft/world/GameRules adk
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value adk$a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType adk$b
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass adl
net/minecraft/world/World adm
net/minecraft/world/World$1 adm$1
net/minecraft/world/World$2 adm$2
net/minecraft/world/World$3 adm$3
net/minecraft/world/World$4 adm$4
net/minecraft/world/MinecraftException adn
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess ado
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings adp
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType adp$a
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess adq
net/minecraft/world/WorldType adr
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock ads
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals adt
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter adu
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter$PortalPosition adu$a
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache adv
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry adw
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBeach adx
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase ady
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$1 ady$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height ady$a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory ady$b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry ady$c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache adz
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block adz$a
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP ae
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper aea
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$1 aea$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$2 aea$2
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$3 aea$3
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver aea$a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator aeb
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager aec
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenDesert aed
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills aee
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell aef
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest aeg
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$2 aeg$1
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$1 aeg$2
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHell aeh
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow aei
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle aej
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa aek
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMushroomIsland ael
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated aem
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean aen
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains aeo
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenRiver aeq
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna aer
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated aer$a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenStoneBeach aes
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp aet
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga aeu
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenEnd aev
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator aew
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir aey
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil aez
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil aez$a
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill af
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner afa
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$1 afa$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding afa$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging afa$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier afb
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer afc
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate afd
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase afe
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$1 afe$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail afe$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection afe$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon aff
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1 aff$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1 aff$1$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed afg
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType afg$a
net/minecraft/block/Block afh
net/minecraft/block/Block$1 afh$1
net/minecraft/block/Block$2 afh$2
net/minecraft/block/Block$3 afh$3
net/minecraft/block/Block$4 afh$4
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType afh$a
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType afh$b
net/minecraft/init/Blocks afi
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable afj
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf afk
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand afl
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush afm
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton afn
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton$1 afn$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus afo
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake afp
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot afq
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron afr
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest afs
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay aft
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa afu
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa$1 afu$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored afv
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock afw
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator afx
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1 afx$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode afx$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench afy
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable afy$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops afz
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty ag
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector aga
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush agb
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector agc
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector$1 agc$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode agd
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirectional age
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt agf
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType agf$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser agg
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor agh
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf agh$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition agh$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant agi
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf agi$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType agi$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg agj
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper agk
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid agl
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable agm
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal agn
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame ago
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest agp
net/minecraft/block/ITileEntityProvider agq
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling agr
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland ags
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland$1 ags$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence agt
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate agu
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire agv
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower agw
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1 agw$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType agw$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1 agw$a$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor agw$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot agx
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$1 agx$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType agx$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew agy
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlab agz
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode ah
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleWoodSlab aha
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace ahb
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace$1 ahb$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass ahc
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone ahd
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass ahe
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel ahf
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlabNew ahg
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab ahh
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf ahh$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlab ahi
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable ahj
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfWoodSlab ahk
net/minecraft/block/BlockHardenedClay ahl
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay ahm
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper ahn
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper$1 ahn$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom aho
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$1 aho$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType aho$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce ahp
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox ahq
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox ahq$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder ahr
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder$1 ahr$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves ahs
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever ahu
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1 ahu$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation ahu$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid ahv
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog ahw
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$1 ahw$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis ahw$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon ahx
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner ahy
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish ahz
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$1 ahz$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType ahz$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1 ahz$a$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2 ahz$a$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3 ahz$a$3
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4 ahz$a$4
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5 ahz$a$5
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6 ahz$a$6
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule ai
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom aia
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium aib
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherBrick aic
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart aid
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherrack aie
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf aif
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf$1 aif$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog aig
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$1 aig$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$2 aig$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew aih
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType aih$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote aii
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian aij
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf aik
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf$1 aik$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog ail
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$1 ail$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$2 ail$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre aim
net/minecraft/block/BlockPackedIce ain
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks aio
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType aio$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal aip
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size aip$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato aiq
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered air
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered ais
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$1 ais$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$2 ais$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate ait
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$1 ait$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity ait$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine aiu
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType aiu$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin aiv
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin$1 aiv$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz aiw
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$1 aiw$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType aiw$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail aix
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedFlower aiy
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone aiz
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType aiz$a
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive aj
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre aja
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire ajb
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition ajb$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight ajc
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch ajd
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle ajd$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed aje
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater ajf
net/minecraft/block/BlockRotatedPillar ajg
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand ajh
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType ajh$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone aji
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType aji$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling ajj
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling$1 ajj$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern ajk
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign ajl
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull ajm
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$1 ajm$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$2 ajm$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime ajn
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock ajo
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow ajp
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand ajq
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge ajr
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass ajs
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane ajt
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs aju
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf aju$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape aju$b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign ajv
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid ajw
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem ajx
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem$1 ajx$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone ajy
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType ajy$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick ajz
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType ajz$a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp ak
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonStone aka
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab akb
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType akb$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass akc
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType akc$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane akd
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT ake
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch akf
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$1 akf$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$2 akf$2
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase akg
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor akh
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$1 akh$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf akh$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire aki
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook akj
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook$1 akj$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine akk
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine$1 akk$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall akl
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType akl$a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign akm
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign$1 akm$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad akn
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb ako
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted akp
net/minecraft/block/BlockButtonWood akq
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab akr
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet aks
net/minecraft/block/BlockYellowFlower akt
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner aku
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern aku$a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon akv
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment akv$a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity akw
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1 akw$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2 akw$2
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3 akw$3
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand akx
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest aky
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest$1 aky$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock akz
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1 akz$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick al
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator ala
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDaylightDetector alb
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser alc
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper ald
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable ale
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest alf
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot alg
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace alh
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper ali
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper alj
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable alk
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner all
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1 all$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote alm
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign aln
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1 aln$1
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2 aln$2
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull alo
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortal alp
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase als
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase$1 als$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension alt
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$1 alt$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType alt$a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston alu
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston$1 alu$1
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving alv
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper alw
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase aly
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase$1 aly$1
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState alz
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill am
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState ama
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$1 ama$1
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2 ama$2
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation ama$a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState amc
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1 amc$1
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern amd
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader amd$a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper amd$b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern ame
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper amg
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper amh
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper amj
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool amk
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection aml
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum amm
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger amn
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty amo
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener amq
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus amr
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder ams
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider amv
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray amw
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk amx
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk amy
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1 amy$1
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2 amy$2
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3 amy$3
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType amy$a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage amz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans an
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader ana
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader and
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader ang
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData ang$a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile anh
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer anh$a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache ani
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader anj
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider anm
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell ann
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1 ann$1
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface ano
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd anp
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine anr
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer ans
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings ant
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$1 ant$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory ant$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer ant$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug anu
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat anv
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell anw
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves anx
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase any
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell anz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers ao
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate aoa
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd aob
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree aoh
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree aoi
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates aoi$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest aoj
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob aok
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest aol
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature aom
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCactus aon
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay aop
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDeadBush aoq
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells aor
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant aos
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator aot
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers aou
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub aov
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFire aow
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone2 aox
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava aoy
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom aoz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage ap
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath apa
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIceSpike apb
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes apc
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone1 apd
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle ape
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree apf
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees apg
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMelon aph
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons api
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable apj
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1 apk
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenPumpkin apl
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenReed apm
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree apn
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand apo
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree app
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes apq
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids apr
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2 aps
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp apt
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass apu
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees apv
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenVines apw
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenWaterlily apx
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo apz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw aq
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo aqa
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox aqe
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox$1 aqe$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft aqf
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces aqg
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$1 aqg$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor aqg$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross aqg$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room aqg$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs aqg$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftStart aqh
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge aqi
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge$Start aqi$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces aqj
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$1 aqj$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3 aqj$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End aqj$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight aqj$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3 aqj$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4 aqj$e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance aqj$f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2 aqj$g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor aqj$h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5 aqj$i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2 aqj$j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom aqj$k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne aqj$l
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece aqj$m
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight aqj$n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing aqj$o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs aqj$p
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start aqj$q
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument aqk
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument aqk$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces aql
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1 aql$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper aql$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper aql$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper aql$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper aql$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper aql$e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper aql$f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper aql$g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding aql$h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper aql$i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom aql$j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom aql$k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom aql$l
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom aql$m
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom aql$n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom aql$o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom aql$p
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse aql$q
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece aql$r
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom aql$s
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom aql$t
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom aql$u
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition aql$v
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature aqm
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature$Start aqm$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces aqn
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1 aqn$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid aqn$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid aqn$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones aqn$b$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature aqn$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut aqn$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold aqo
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold$Start aqo$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces aqp
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$1 aqp$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$2 aqp$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$3 aqp$3
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor aqp$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor aqp$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing aqp$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn aqp$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library aqp$e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight aqp$f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom aqp$g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison aqp$h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn aqp$i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing aqp$j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones aqp$k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs aqp$l
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2 aqp$m
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight aqp$n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight aqp$o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold aqp$p
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door aqp$p$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure aqq
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1 aqq$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2 aqq$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3 aqq$3
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO aqr
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData aqs
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent aqt
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$1 aqt$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector aqt$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart aqu
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage aqv
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start aqv$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces aqw
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$1 aqw$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1 aqw$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1 aqw$b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2 aqw$c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Torch aqw$d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight aqw$e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall aqw$f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden aqw$g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut aqw$h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church aqw$i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2 aqw$j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start aqw$k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path aqw$l
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3 aqw$m
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village aqw$n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Road aqw$o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Well aqw$p
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp ar
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved arb
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves arc
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin ard
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex arg
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGenerator arh
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic arj
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent ark
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid arl
net/minecraft/block/material/Material arm
net/minecraft/block/material/Material$1 arm$1
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor arn
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal aro
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerDeepOcean arq
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge arr
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$1 arr$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode arr$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddIsland ars
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddMushroomIsland art
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddSnow aru
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge arv
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome arw
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp as
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerFuzzyZoom asa
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache asc
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerIsland asd
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer ase
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1 ase$1
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2 ase$2
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRareBiome asf
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills asg
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean ash
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverInit asi
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver asj
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix ask
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore asl
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerSmooth asm
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerVoronoiZoom asq
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom asr
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path asu
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint asv
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor asw
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity asx
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder asy
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor asz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer at
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor ata
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData ate
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b atf
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData atg
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo atg$a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler atj
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter atk
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter$1 atk$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo atl
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler atm
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld atn
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo ato
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1 ato$1
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2 ato$2
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3 ato$3
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4 ato$4
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5 ato$5
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6 ato$6
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7 ato$7
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8 ato$8
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9 ato$9
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler atp
net/minecraft/client/AnvilConverterException atq
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat atr
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator ats
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP atx
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData aty
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage atz
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle au
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage aua
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase auc
net/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO aud
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB aug
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition auh
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType auh$a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3 aui
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective auk
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam aul
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score aum
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score$1 aum$1
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard auo
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData aup
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team auq
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible auq$a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor aur
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria aus
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria aut
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria auu
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType auu$a
net/minecraft/stats/ObjectiveStat auv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo auz
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound av
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine ava
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding avb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper avc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation avd
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft ave
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$1 ave$1
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$10 ave$10
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$11 ave$11
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12 ave$12
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13 ave$13
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14 ave$14
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15 ave$15
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16 ave$16
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17 ave$17
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18 ave$18
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2 ave$2
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3 ave$3
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4 ave$4
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5 ave$5
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6 ave$6
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7 ave$7
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$8 ave$8
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$9 ave$9
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper avf
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings avh
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1 avh$1
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$2 avh$2
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options avh$a
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer avi
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper avj
net/minecraft/util/MinecraftError avk
net/minecraft/util/Timer avl
net/minecraft/util/Session avm
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type avm$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer avn
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame avo
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1 avo$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui avp
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer avq
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$1 avq$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance avq$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution avr
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton avs
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat avt
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents avu
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug avv
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug$1 avv$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField avw
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider avx
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider$FormatHelper avx$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel avy
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonLanguage avz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer aw
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton awb
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton awc
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon awc$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended awd
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry awd$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton awe
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList awf
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row awf$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList awg
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry awg$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder awg$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry awg$c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry awg$d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry awg$e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry awg$f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry awg$g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay awh
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$1 awh$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator awh$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot awi
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider awj
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator awk
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator awm
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy awp
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy awq
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy awr
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy aws
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy awt
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions awu
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat awv
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink aww
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback awx
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo awy
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting awz
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1 awz$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem ax
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld axa
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details axa$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld axb
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets axc
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info axc$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset axc$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen axd
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1 axd$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver axe
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo axf
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList axg
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected axh
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer axi
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1 axi$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen axj
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP axk
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage axl
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List axl$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions axn
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions$1 axn$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen axo
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu axp
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets axq
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem axq$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot axq$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking axr
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain axs
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld axt
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen axu
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld axv
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List axv$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan axw
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin axx
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$1 axx$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart axx$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper axy
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List axy$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds axz
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button axz$a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll ay
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu aya
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings ayb
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame ayc
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement ayd
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements aye
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats ayf
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock ayf$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1 ayf$a$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral ayf$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem ayf$c
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1 ayf$c$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList ayf$d
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats ayf$e
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter ayg
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList ayi
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$1 ayi$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry ayi$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry ayi$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls ayj
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer ayl
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair aym
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon ayn
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$CancelButton ayn$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton ayn$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton ayn$c
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button ayn$d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook ayo
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton ayo$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand ayp
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock ayq
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest ayr
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting ays
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting ayt
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative ayu
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative ayu$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot ayu$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser ayv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer ayw
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts ayx
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment ayy
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace ayz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff az
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper aza
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory azb
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory azc
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant azd
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant$MerchantButton azd$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign aze
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer azh
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan azi
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected azj
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal azk
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal$1 azk$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList azl
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks azo
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry azp
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry$1 azp$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault azq
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound azr
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackAvailable azt
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList azu
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackSelected azv
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers azy
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList azy$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions azz
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1 b$1
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2 b$2
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3 b$3
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4 b$4
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5 b$5
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6 b$6
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7 b$7
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn ba
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable baa
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1 baa$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason baa$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode bab
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject bad
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup bae
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu baf
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1 baf$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject baf$a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject baf$b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView bag
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject bah
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuRecipient bai
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails baj
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer bak
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer$1 bak$1
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam bal
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject bal$a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration bao
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation bao$a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation bao$b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$GameInformation bao$c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$ServerInformation bao$d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation bao$e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStandArmor bas
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand bat
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner bau
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat bav
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze baw
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat bax
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook bay
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest baz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast bb
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken bba
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCow bbb
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper bbc
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman bbd
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite bbe
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast bbf
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian bbg
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse bbh
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead bbi
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped bbj
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLargeChest bbk
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube bbl
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot bbm
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart bbn
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase bbo
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot bbp
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPig bbq
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer bbr
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad bbs
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped bbt
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit bbu
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1 bbv
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2 bbw
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign bbx
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish bby
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead bbz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard bc
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton bca
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime bcc
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan bcd
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider bce
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid bcf
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex bcg
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem bch
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager bci
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombieVillager bcj
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch bck
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither bcl
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf bcm
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombie bcn
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon bco
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal bcp
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox bcr
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer bct
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset bcu
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient bcx
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1 bcx$1
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient bcy
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1 bcy$1
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2 bcy$2
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3 bcy$3
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1 bcy$3$1
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1 bcy$3$1$1
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$4 bcy$4
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient bcz
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager bd
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP bda
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient bdb
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1 bdb$1
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2 bdb$2
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3 bdb$3
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4 bdb$4
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo bdc
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$1 bdc$1
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$2 bdc$2
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress bdd
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData bde
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode bde$a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList bdf
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger bdg
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1 bdg$1
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2 bdg$2
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1 bdg$2$1
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier bdj
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier$Factory bdj$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX bdk
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$Factory bdk$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SlimeFactory bdk$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SnowballFactory bdk$c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX bdl
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX$Factory bdl$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX bdm
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$MagicFactory bdm$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$Factory bdm$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX bdn
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$LavaFactory bdn$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$WaterFactory bdn$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX bdo
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX$EnchantmentTable bdo$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX bdp
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX$Factory bdp$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework bdq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$OverlayFX bdq$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX bdq$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX bdq$c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$Factory bdq$d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX bdr
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX$Factory bdr$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX bds
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX$Factory bds$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX bdt
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$AngryVillagerFactory bdt$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$Factory bdt$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX bdu
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX$Factory bdu$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX bdv
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX$Factory bdv$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX bdw
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCritFX bdx
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCritFX$Factory bdx$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX bdy
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX$Factory bdy$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance bdz
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance$Factory bdz$a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock be
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX bea
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX$Factory bea$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX beb
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer bec
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1 bec$1
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2 bec$2
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3 bec$3
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4 bec$4
net/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory bed
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX bee
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX$Factory bee$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX bef
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX$Factory bef$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX beg
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX$Factory beg$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX beh
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX$1 beh$1
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX$Factory beh$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX bei
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX$Factory bei$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX bej
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$AmbientMobFactory bej$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$InstantFactory bej$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$MobFactory bej$c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$Factory bej$d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$WitchFactory bej$e
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySplashFX bek
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySplashFX$Factory bek$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX bel
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX$Factory bel$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX bem
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$HappyVillagerFactory bem$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$Factory bem$b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBlockDustFX ben
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBlockDustFX$Factory ben$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX beo
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX$Factory beo$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter bep
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX beq
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX$Factory beq$a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX ber
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX$Factory ber$a
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer bet
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput beu
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions bev
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP bew
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP bex
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication bey
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu bez
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint bf
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus bfc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer bfd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1 bfd$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$2 bfd$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State bfd$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader bfe
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader$1 bfe$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache bff
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder bfg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer bfh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer bfi
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection bfj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$1 bfj$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants bfj$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation bfj$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer bfk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1 bfk$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2 bfk$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3 bfk$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4 bfk$4
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager bfl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$1 bfl$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState bfl$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState bfl$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState bfl$c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState bfl$d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color bfl$e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorLogicState bfl$f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask bfl$g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState bfl$h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$CullState bfl$i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState bfl$j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState bfl$k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState bfl$l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc bfl$m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState bfl$n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen bfl$o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord bfl$p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState bfl$q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TextureState bfl$r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer bfm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer bfn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer$1 bfn$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher bfo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition bfp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal bfr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1 bfr$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$2 bfr$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation bfr$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload bfs
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderList bft
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer bfw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator bfx
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList bfy
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader bfz
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout bg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum bga
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChestRenderer bgb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes bgc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$1 bgc$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$2 bgc$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$3 bgc$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$4 bgc$4
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$5 bgc$5
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$6 bgc$6
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$7 bgc$7
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$8 bgc$8
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher bgd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer bge
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer bgf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$1 bgf$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo bgf$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace bgf$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations bgf$c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation bgf$d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad bgg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart bgh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$1 bgh$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer bgh$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace bgi
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer bgi$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation bgj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV bgk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer bgk$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock bgl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$1 bgl$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep bgl$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer bgl$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$LoopException bgl$c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition bgm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer bgm$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException bgm$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant bgm$c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer bgm$c$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants bgm$d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour bgn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour$1 bgn$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery bgo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery$1 bgo$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator bgp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$1 bgp$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span bgp$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing bgp$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f bgq
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer bgq$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms bgr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$1 bgr$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer bgr$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType bgr$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase bgu
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper bgv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/DefaultStateMapper bgw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap bgx
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$1 bgx$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder bgx$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper bgy
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint bh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer bha
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$1 bha$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture bha$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer bhb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher bhc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer bhd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer bhe
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer bhf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer bhg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer bhh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer bhi
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer bhj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer bhk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer$1 bhk$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer bhl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator bhn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status bhn$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type bhn$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher bho
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1 bho$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2 bho$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3 bho$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker bhp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1 bhp$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2 bhp$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk bhq
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1 bhq$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListChunkFactory bhr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk bhs
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk bht
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory bhu
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VboChunkFactory bhv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph bhw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph$1 bhw$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility bhx
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed bi
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera bia
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl bib
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum bic
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper bid
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer big
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer$1 big$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow bih
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat bii
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze bij
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat bik
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider bil
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken bim
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow bin
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper bio
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity bip
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal biq
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon bir
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman bis
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite bit
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager biu
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render biv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb biw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock bix
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball biy
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish biz
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers bj
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position bj$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast bja
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie bjb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie$1 bjb$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian bjc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse bjd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped bje
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem bjf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame bjg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem bjh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1 bjh$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2 bjh$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3 bjh$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4 bjh$4
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$5 bjh$5
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$6 bjh$6
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$7 bjh$7
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$8 bjh$8
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$9 bjh$9
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube bji
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot bjj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt bjk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity bjl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity$1 bjl$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart bjm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner bjn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving bjo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom bjp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot bjq
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting bjr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig bjs
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie bjt
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie$1 bjt$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit bju
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep bjv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish bjw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton bjx
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton$1 bjx$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime bjy
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan bjz
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats bk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider bka
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid bkb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball bkc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion bkd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart bke
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed bkf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem bkg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager bkh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch bki
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither bkj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull bkk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf bkl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie bkm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie$1 bkm$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase bkn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase$1 bkn$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow bko
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape bkp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock bkq
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge bkr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead bks
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head bkt
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath bku
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes bkv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes bkw
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor bkx
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem bky
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom bkz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop bl
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle bla
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer blb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool blc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel bld
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead ble
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes blf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerVillagerArmor blg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower blh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch bli
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura blj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar blk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer bln
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode blo
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault blp
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager blq
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup blr
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader bls
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader blt
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType blt$a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper blu
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform blv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture bly
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture blz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon bm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData bma
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData$1 bma$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator bmb
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture bmc
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture bmd
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture bme
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher bmf
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder bmf$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot bmf$b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/StitcherException bmg
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap bmh
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1 bmh$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2 bmh$2
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3 bmh$3
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite bmi
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1 bmi$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager bmj
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1 bmj$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject bmk
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil bml
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickable bmm
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickableTextureObject bmn
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock bmo
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass bmp
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats bms
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer bmt
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat bmu
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat$1 bmu$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement bmv
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType bmv$a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage bmv$b
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack bmx
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex bmy
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin bmz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport bn
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack bna
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager bnb
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger bnb$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack bnc
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack bnd
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener bne
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener bnf
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager bng
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource bnh
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager bni
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener bnj
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack bnk
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackFileNotFoundException bnl
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository bnm
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$1 bnm$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2 bnm$2
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3 bnm$3
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry bnm$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager bnn
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1 bnn$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource bno
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager bnp
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1 bnp$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2 bnp$2
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3 bnp$3
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1 bnp$3$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback bnp$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n bnq
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language bnr
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager bns
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale bnt
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/BaseMetadataSectionSerializer bnv
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection bnw
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer bnx
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer bny
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$1 bny$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration bny$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame bnz
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection boa
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer bob
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection bod
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer boe
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection bog
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer boh
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection boj
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer bok
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection bon
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer boo
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel boq
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation bor
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel bos
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery bot
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1 bot$1
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2 bot$2
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager bou
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation bov
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel bow
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder bow$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel box
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder box$a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem box$b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock bp
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound bpa
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound bpb
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound bpc
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart bpd
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding bpe
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord bpf
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory bpg
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList bph
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry bph$a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type bph$a$a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer bpi
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound bpj
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType bpj$a
net/minecraft/client/audio/ITickableSound bpk
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList bpn
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer bpo
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1 bpo$1
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2 bpo$2
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$3 bpo$3
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServerCommandManager bpp
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector bpq
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer bpq$a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind bpq$b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList bpq$c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing bpr
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker bpv
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType bpv$a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry bpw
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager bpx
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1 bpx$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1 bpx$1$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2 bpx$2
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1 bpx$2$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread bpx$a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite bpy
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler bpz
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1 bpz$1
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2 bpz$2
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$3 bpz$3
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor bq
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry bqa
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor bqb
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor bqc
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataAchievement bqe
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataCombat bqf
net/minecraft/client/stream/MetadataPlayerDeath bqg
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata bqh
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController bqj
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1 bqj$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$2 bqj$2
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$3 bqj$3
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState bqj$a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener bqj$b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController bqk
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1 bqk$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2 bqk$2
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState bqk$a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener bqk$b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState bqk$c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode bqk$d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener bqk$e
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester bql
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1 bql$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$2 bql$2
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$3 bql$3
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener bql$a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState bql$b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream bqm
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason bqm$a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream bqn
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1 bqn$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1$1 bqn$1$1
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream bqo
net/minecraft/util/Matrix4f bqq
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d bqr
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper bqs
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime br
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle bs
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall bt
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger bu
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather bv
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist bw
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder bx
net/minecraft/command/CommandException bz
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1 c$1
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2 c$2
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3 c$3
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6 c$6
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7 c$7
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry c$a
net/minecraft/command/EntityNotFoundException ca
net/minecraft/command/NumberInvalidException cb
net/minecraft/command/SyntaxErrorException cc
net/minecraft/command/PlayerNotFoundException cd
net/minecraft/command/CommandNotFoundException ce
net/minecraft/command/WrongUsageException cf
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos cj
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1 cj$1
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1 cj$1$1
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2 cj$2
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1 cj$2$1
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos cj$a
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource ck
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl cl
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian cm
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$1 cm$1
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$GetList cm$a
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product cm$b
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator cm$b$a
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem cn
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey co
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted cp
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing cq
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1 cq$1
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis cq$a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection cq$b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane cq$c
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem cr
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem$1 cr$1
net/minecraft/util/IObjectIntIterable cs
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap ct
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocatableSource cu
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocation cv
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator cw
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced cx
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes cy
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition cz
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl da
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry db
net/minecraft/util/Rotations dc
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple dd
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i df
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector di
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate dj
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray dl
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte dm
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound dn
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1 dn$1
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2 dn$2
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble dp
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd dq
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat dr
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray ds
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt dt
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList du
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong dv
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker dw
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker$1 dw$1
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools dx
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil dy
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort dz
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException e
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString ea
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase eb
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive eb$a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTException ec
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT ed
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any ed$a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Compound ed$b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$List ed$c
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive ed$d
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator ef
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder eg
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder eh
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder ei
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder ej
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager ek
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$1 ek$1
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$2 ek$2
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$3 ek$3
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4 ek$4
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$5 ek$5
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$6 ek$6
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener ek$a
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState el
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState$1 el$1
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState$2 el$2
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState$3 el$3
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState$4 el$4
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer em
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer en
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer eo
net/minecraft/network/INetHandler ep
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer2 eq
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2 er
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle es
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$1 es$1
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$2 es$2
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent et
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action et$a
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent eu
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer eu$a
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentProcessor ev
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent ew
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action ew$a
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore ex
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector ey
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle ez
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1 ez$1
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer ez$a
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters f
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText fa
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation fb
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslationFormatException fc
net/minecraft/network/Packet ff
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection fg
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil fh
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1 fh$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook fi
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags fi$a
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient fj
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject fk
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb fl
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity fm
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob fn
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting fo
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer fp
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation fq
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics fr
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim fs
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity ft
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction fu
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange fv
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty fw
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete fx
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat fy
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange fz
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData fz$a
net/minecraft/util/Util g
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS g$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction ga
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow gb
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow gc
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems gd
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty ge
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot gf
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload gg
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect gh
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus gi
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT gj
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion gk
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel gl
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState gm
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive gn
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData go
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted go$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk gp
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect gq
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles gr
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect gs
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame gt
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps gu
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity gv
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove gv$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove gv$b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook gv$c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen gw
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities gx
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent gy
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$1 gy$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event gy$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem gz
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$1 gz$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action gz$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData gz$b
net/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed ha
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities hb
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect hc
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend hd
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn he
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook hf
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder hg
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$1 hg$1
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action hg$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera hh
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange hi
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard hj
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata hk
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach hl
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity hm
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment hn
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience ho
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth hp
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective hq
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams hr
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore hs
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action hs$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition ht
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate hu
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle hv
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type hv$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign hw
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter hx
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem hy
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport hz
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase i
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg i$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties ia
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot ia$a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect ib
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer ic
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete id
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage ie
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus ig
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState ig$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings ih
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction ii
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem ij
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow ik
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow il
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload im
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity in
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action in$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive io
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer ip
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition ip$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook ip$b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook ip$c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities iq
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging ir
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action ir$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction is
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action is$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput it
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus iu
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action iu$a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange iv
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction iw
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign ix
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation iy
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate iz
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler j
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement ja
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake jc
net/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer jd
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient jf
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess jg
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest jh
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression ji
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect jj
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer jk
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart jl
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse jm
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient jp
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong jq
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo jr
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse js
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData js$a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer js$a$a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer js$b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier js$c
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer js$c$a
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer jt
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing ju
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery jv
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation jy
net/minecraft/command/ICommand k
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense ka
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap kb
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$1 kb$1
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$10 kb$10
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11 kb$11
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12 kb$12
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1 kb$12$1
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$13 kb$13
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$14 kb$14
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$15 kb$15
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16 kb$16
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$2 kb$2
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$3 kb$3
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4 kb$4
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5 kb$5
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$6 kb$6
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7 kb$7
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8 kb$8
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$9 kb$9
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException kc
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$1 kc$1
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry kc$a
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommand kd
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula kf
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream kg
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException ki
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer kj
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard kk
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager kl
net/minecraft/util/ITickable km
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList kn
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer ko
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$1 ko$1
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$2 ko$2
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3 ko$3
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4 ko$4
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog kp
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog$1 kp$1
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui kr
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$1 kr$1
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2 kr$2
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$3 kr$3
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4 kr$4
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5 kr$5
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent ks
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent kt
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent$1 kt$1
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress kw
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer kx
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager ky
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti kz
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1 kz$1
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager l
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker la
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1 la$1
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager lb
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager lc
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance lc$a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer ld
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer le
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1 le$1
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$ServerBlockEventList le$a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP lf
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager lg
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry lh
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler lj
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory lk
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem ll
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$1 ll$1
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$2 ll$2
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$3 ll$3
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$4 ll$4
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$5 ll$5
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6 ll$6
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7 ll$7
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer lm
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1 lm$1
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$2 lm$2
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3 lm$3
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4 lm$4
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP ln
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1 ln$1
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer lo
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1 lo$1
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$2 lo$2
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState lo$a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer lp
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry ls
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache lt
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1 lt$1
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2 lt$2
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry lt$a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer lt$b
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList lu
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry lv
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter lw
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$1 lw$1
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2 lw$2
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3 lw$3
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4 lw$4
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5 lw$5
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6 lw$6
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$ConversionError lw$a
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager lx
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1 lx$1
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps ly
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry lz
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender m
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry ma
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList mb
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1 mb$1
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer mb$a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans mc
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry md
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist me
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry mf
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream mh
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils mi
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource mj
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase ml
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery mm
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth mm$a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient mn
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain mo
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement mq
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList mr
net/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat ms
net/minecraft/stats/StatBasic mt
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting mu
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile mv
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase mw
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$1 mw$1
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$2 mw$2
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$3 mw$3
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$4 mw$4
net/minecraft/stats/IStatType mx
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable my
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable mz
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats n
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1 n$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type n$a
net/minecraft/stats/StatList na
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter nb
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet nc
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap ne
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1 ne$1
net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever
net/minecraft/client/main/Main net/minecraft/client/main/Main
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1 net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$2 net/minecraft/client/main/Main$2
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen
net/minecraft/realms/Realms net/minecraft/realms/Realms
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1 net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1 net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1 net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2 net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3 net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4 net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager ng
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer nh
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils ni
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil nj
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1 nj$1
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap nk
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache nl
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap nm
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry nm$a
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase no
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList np
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap nq
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry nq$a
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory nr
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1 nr$1
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper ns
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler nt
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result nt$a
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate nu
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter nv
net/minecraft/util/IStringSerializable nw
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils nx
net/minecraft/util/Tuple nz
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector o
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1 o$1
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10 o$10
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11 o$11
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12 o$12
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2 o$2
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3 o$3
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4 o$4
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$5 o$5
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6 o$6
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7 o$7
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8 o$8
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9 o$9
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom oa
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item oa$a
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent ob
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener od
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest of
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory og
net/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic oh
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper oi
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty oj
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance ok
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject ol
net/minecraft/world/LockCode on
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer oo
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable op
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic oq
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper or
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper$1 or$1
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage os
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory ot
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry ou
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker ov
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource ow
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource ox
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect oy
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement p
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1 p$1
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption pa
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAttackDamage pb
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealthBoost pc
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth pd
net/minecraft/potion/Potion pe
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect pf
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable ph
net/minecraft/entity/passive/IAnimals pi
net/minecraft/entity/Entity pk
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1 pk$1
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2 pk$2
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3 pk$3
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4 pk$4
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList pm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo pm$a
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors po
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$1 po$1
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$2 po$2
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$3 po$3
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$4 po$4
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob po$a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb pp
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying pq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase pr
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1 pr$1
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving ps
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType ps$a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType pt
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData pu
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry pv
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute pw
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable px
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature py
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher pz
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject pz$a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp q
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable qa
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute qb
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance qc
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier qd
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute qe
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap qf
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance qh
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap qi
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute qj
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper qm
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper qo
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper qp
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper qq
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity qs
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1 qs$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg qt
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor qu
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate qv
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer qw
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract qx
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass qy
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun qz
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer r
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming ra
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner rb
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent rc
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase rd
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks re
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry re$a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland rf
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest2 rg
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget rh
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest ri
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer rj
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate rk
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide rl
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors rm
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage rn
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock ro
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction rp
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget rq
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack rr
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit rs
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager rt
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor ru
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic rv
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay rw
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle ry
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander rz
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData s
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack sa
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor sb
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun sc
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy sd
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit se
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell sf
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem sg
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt sh
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer si
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract sj
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage sl
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget sm
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest sn
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1 sn$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer so
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1 so$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget sp
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1 sp$1
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter sp$a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed sq
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget sr
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget ss
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget st
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround sv
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate sw
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber sx
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer sy
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory t
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses ta
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator tc
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo te
net/minecraft/village/Village tf
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor tf$a
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege tg
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection th
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature tj
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat tk
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal tm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken tn
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow to
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse tp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$1 tp$1
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$GroupData tp$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem tq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom tr
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot ts
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig tt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit tu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack tu$a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType tu$b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity tu$c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData tu$d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper tu$e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper tu$f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIPanic tu$g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm tu$h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep tv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep$1 tv$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman tw
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid tx
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom tx$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem ty
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper ty$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1 ty$a$1
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob tz
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone u
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData u$a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf ua
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1 ua$1
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData uc
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart ud
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart ue
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal uf
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon ug
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither uk
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither$1 uk$1
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand um
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging un
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame uo
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot up
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting uq
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt uq$a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook ur
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable us
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityWeatherEffect uu
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt uv
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat ux
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock uy
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem uz
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare v
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart va
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$1 va$1
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType va$a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest vb
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock vc
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1 vc$1
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer vd
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace ve
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper vf
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty vg
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner vh
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1 vh$1
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT vi
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed vj
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze vl
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack vl$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider vm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper vn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman vo
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1 vo$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock vo$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer vo$b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock vo$c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite vp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob vq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$1 vq$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$2 vq$2
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast vr
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround vr$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper vr$b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack vr$c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly vr$d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie vs
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian vt
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1 vt$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack vt$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector vt$b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper vt$c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube vu
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob vv
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie vw
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor vw$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor vw$b
net/minecraft/entity/IRangedAttackMob vx
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes vy
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish vz
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone vz$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish vz$b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp w
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton wa
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime wb
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack wb$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat wb$b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop wb$c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper wb$d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom wb$e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider wc
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack wc$a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$GroupData wc$b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget wc$c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch wd
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie we
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$1 we$1
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData we$a
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant wg
net/minecraft/entity/INpc wh
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager wi
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems wi$a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds wi$b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds wi$c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem wi$d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds wi$e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ITradeList wi$f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$PriceInfo wi$g
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities wl
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer wm
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1 wm$1
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer wn
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$1 wn$1
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus wn$a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility wn$b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts wo
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow wq
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye wr
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball ws
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket wt
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball wu
net/minecraft/entity/IProjectile wv
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball ww
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySnowball wx
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable wy
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEgg wz
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug x
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl xa
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle xb
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion xc
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull xd
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats xg
net/minecraft/inventory/Container xi
net/minecraft/inventory/AnimalChest xj
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair xk
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$1 xk$1
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2 xk$2
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon xl
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot xl$a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand xm
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient xm$a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion xm$b
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting xn
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest xo
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting xp
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench xq
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser xr
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment xs
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1 xs$1
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2 xs$2
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$3 xs$3
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel xt
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace xu
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput xv
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper xw
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory xx
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$1 xx$1
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2 xx$2
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer xy
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1 xy$1
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode y
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant ya
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant yb
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult yc
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest yd
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult ye
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting yf
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot yg
net/minecraft/item/ItemAnvilBlock yi
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor yj
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$1 yj$1
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial yj$a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand yk
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe yl
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner ym
net/minecraft/item/ItemBed yn
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock yo
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed yp
net/minecraft/item/ItemBoat yq
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook yr
net/minecraft/item/ItemGlassBottle ys
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow yt
net/minecraft/item/ItemSoup yu
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket yv
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick yw
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal yx
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase yy
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs yz
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$1 yz$1
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$10 yz$10
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$11 yz$11
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$12 yz$12
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$2 yz$2
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$3 yz$3
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$4 yz$4
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$5 yz$5
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$6 yz$6
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$7 yz$7
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$8 yz$8
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$9 yz$9
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool za
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor zb
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoublePlant zc
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor zd
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye ze
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth zf
net/minecraft/item/ItemEgg zg
net/minecraft/item/ItemEmptyMap zh
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook zi
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye zj
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderPearl zk
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle zl
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireball zm
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge zn
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework zo
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood zp
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType zp$a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod zq
net/minecraft/item/ItemFlintAndSteel zr
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood zs
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold zt
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity zu
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe zv
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe$1 zv$1
net/minecraft/item/Item zw
net/minecraft/item/Item$1 zw$1
net/minecraft/item/Item$10 zw$10
net/minecraft/item/Item$11 zw$11
net/minecraft/item/Item$12 zw$12
net/minecraft/item/Item$13 zw$13
net/minecraft/item/Item$14 zw$14
net/minecraft/item/Item$15 zw$15
net/minecraft/item/Item$16 zw$16
net/minecraft/item/Item$17 zw$17
net/minecraft/item/Item$2 zw$2
net/minecraft/item/Item$3 zw$3
net/minecraft/item/Item$4 zw$4
net/minecraft/item/Item$5 zw$5
net/minecraft/item/Item$6 zw$6
net/minecraft/item/Item$7 zw$7
net/minecraft/item/Item$8 zw$8
net/minecraft/item/Item$9 zw$9
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial zw$a
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack zx
net/minecraft/init/Items zy
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead zz
FIELDS
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/fancyStyling A
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/controlString B
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/colorIndex C
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/$VALUES D
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BLACK a
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_BLUE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_GREEN c
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_AQUA d
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_RED e
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_PURPLE f
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GOLD g
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GRAY h
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/DARK_GRAY i
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BLUE j
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/GREEN k
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/AQUA l
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/RED m
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/LIGHT_PURPLE n
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/YELLOW o
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/WHITE p
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/OBFUSCATED q
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/BOLD r
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/STRIKETHROUGH s
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/UNDERLINE t
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/ITALIC u
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/RESET v
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/nameMapping w
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/formattingCodePattern x
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/name y
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/formattingCode z
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/leaves b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/behaviourDefaultDispenseItem b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/dispenserMinecartBehavior a
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/minecartType b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/field_179542_a a
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/theBlock b
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/nameFunction c
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/EFFECTIVE_ON c
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/effectCache a
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/SUB_ITEMS_CACHE b
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/COMMON a
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/UNCOMMON b
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/RARE c
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/EPIC d
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/rarityColor e
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/rarityName f
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/recordName a
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/RECORDS b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/crops b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/soilId c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/crops a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/soilBlockID b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade/EFFECTIVE_ON c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/skullTypes a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/singleSlab b
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/doubleSlab c
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/attackDamage a
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/material b
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/coloredBlock b
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/subtypeNames c
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/NONE a
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/EAT b
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/DRINK c
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/BLOCK d
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/BOW e
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/unusedString a
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/sugarEffect b
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/ghastTearEffect c
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/spiderEyeEffect d
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/fermentedSpiderEyeEffect e
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/speckledMelonEffect f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/blazePowderEffect g
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/magmaCreamEffect h
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/redstoneEffect i
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/glowstoneEffect j
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/gunpowderEffect k
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/goldenCarrotEffect l
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/pufferfishEffect m
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/rabbitFootEffect n
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionRequirements o
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionAmplifiers p
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/DATAVALUE_COLORS q
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/potionPrefixes r
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/recipePatterns a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/recipeItems b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/field_92102_a a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/smeltingBase a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/smeltingList b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/experienceList c
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots/recipeItems a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/field_77582_a a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/instance a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/recipes b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeWidth a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeHeight b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeItems c
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/recipeOutput d
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/copyIngredientNBT e
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/recipeOutput a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/recipeItems b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/recipePatterns a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/recipeItems b
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/recipePatterns a
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/recipeItems b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/protectionName E
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/baseEnchantability F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/levelEnchantability G
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/thresholdEnchantability H
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/damageType a
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/lure A
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/effectId B
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/type C
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/name D
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/locationEnchantments E
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/weight F
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/enchantmentsList a
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/enchantmentsBookList b
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/protection c
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fireProtection d
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/featherFalling e
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/blastProtection f
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/projectileProtection g
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/respiration h
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/aquaAffinity i
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/thorns j
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/depthStrider k
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/sharpness l
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/smite m
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/baneOfArthropods n
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/knockback o
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fireAspect p
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/looting q
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/efficiency r
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/silkTouch s
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/unbreaking t
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/fortune u
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/power v
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/punch w
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/flame x
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/infinity y
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/luckOfTheSea z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ALL a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_FEET c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_LEGS d
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_TORSO e
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/ARMOR_HEAD f
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/WEAPON g
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/DIGGER h
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/FISHING_ROD i
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/BREAKABLE j
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/BOW k
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/user a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/target b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/user a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/attacker b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/livingModifier a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/entityLiving b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/damageModifier a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/source b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentRand a
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentModifierDamage b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/enchantmentModifierLiving c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_HURT d
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/ENCHANTMENT_ITERATOR_DAMAGE e
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData/enchantmentobj b
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData/enchantmentLevel c
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/protectionName E
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/baseEnchantability F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/levelEnchantability G
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/thresholdEnchantability H
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/protectionType a
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/itemToBuy a
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/secondItemToBuy b
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/itemToSell c
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/toolUses d
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/maxTradeUses e
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/rewardsExp f
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174804_a a
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174802_b b
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174803_c c
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174800_d d
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174801_e e
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174798_f f
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/field_174799_g g
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/field_180325_a a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/field_180327_a a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/timestampFormat a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/successCount b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/trackOutput c
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/lastOutput d
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/commandStored e
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/customName f
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/resultStats g
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/field_98221_d b
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/nbtData c
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/entityType d
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnDelay a
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/mobID b
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/minecartToSpawn c
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/randomEntity d
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/mobRotation e
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/prevMobRotation f
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/minSpawnDelay g
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/maxSpawnDelay h
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnCount i
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/cachedEntity j
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/maxNearbyEntities k
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/activatingRangeFromPlayer l
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnRange m
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/position a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/blockType b
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/eventID c
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/eventParameter d
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/SOLID a
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/CUTOUT_MIPPED b
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/CUTOUT c
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/TRANSLUCENT d
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/layerName e
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkXPos a
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkZPos b
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/isFlaming a
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/isSmoking b
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionRNG c
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/worldObj d
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionX e
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionY f
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionZ g
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/exploder h
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/explosionSize i
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/affectedBlockPositions j
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/playerKnockbackMap k
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/foliageBuffer a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueString a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueBoolean b
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueInteger c
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/valueDouble d
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/type e
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/ANY_VALUE a
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/BOOLEAN_VALUE b
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/NUMERICAL_VALUE c
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/theGameRules a
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/grassBuffer a
net/minecraft/world/World$1/field_180253_a a
net/minecraft/world/World$1/field_77485_a b
net/minecraft/world/World$2/field_151300_a a
net/minecraft/world/World$2/field_77405_a b
net/minecraft/world/World$3/field_77440_a a
net/minecraft/world/World$4/field_151308_a a
net/minecraft/world/World/villageCollectionObj A
net/minecraft/world/World/theProfiler B
net/minecraft/world/World/worldScoreboard C
net/minecraft/world/World/isRemote D
net/minecraft/world/World/activeChunkSet E
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnHostileMobs F
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnPeacefulMobs G
net/minecraft/world/World/lightUpdateBlockList H
net/minecraft/world/World/skylightSubtracted I
net/minecraft/world/World/lastLightningBolt J
net/minecraft/world/World/theCalendar K
net/minecraft/world/World/ambientTickCountdown L
net/minecraft/world/World/processingLoadedTiles M
net/minecraft/world/World/worldBorder N
net/minecraft/world/World/seaLevel a
net/minecraft/world/World/addedTileEntityList b
net/minecraft/world/World/tileEntitiesToBeRemoved c
net/minecraft/world/World/cloudColour d
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduledUpdatesAreImmediate e
net/minecraft/world/World/loadedEntityList f
net/minecraft/world/World/unloadedEntityList g
net/minecraft/world/World/loadedTileEntityList h
net/minecraft/world/World/tickableTileEntities i
net/minecraft/world/World/playerEntities j
net/minecraft/world/World/weatherEffects k
net/minecraft/world/World/entitiesById l
net/minecraft/world/World/updateLCG m
net/minecraft/world/World/DIST_HASH_MAGIC n
net/minecraft/world/World/prevRainingStrength o
net/minecraft/world/World/rainingStrength p
net/minecraft/world/World/prevThunderingStrength q
net/minecraft/world/World/thunderingStrength r
net/minecraft/world/World/rand s
net/minecraft/world/World/provider t
net/minecraft/world/World/worldAccesses u
net/minecraft/world/World/chunkProvider v
net/minecraft/world/World/saveHandler w
net/minecraft/world/World/worldInfo x
net/minecraft/world/World/findingSpawnPoint y
net/minecraft/world/World/mapStorage z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/NOT_SET a
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/SURVIVAL b
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/CREATIVE c
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/ADVENTURE d
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/SPECTATOR e
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/id f
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/name g
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/seed a
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/theGameType b
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/mapFeaturesEnabled c
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/hardcoreEnabled d
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/terrainType e
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/commandsAllowed f
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/bonusChestEnabled g
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/worldName h
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldTypes a
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEFAULT b
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/FLAT c
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/LARGE_BIOMES d
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/AMPLIFIED e
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/CUSTOMIZED f
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEBUG_WORLD g
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/DEFAULT_1_1 h
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldTypeId i
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/worldType j
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/generatorVersion k
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/canBeCreated l
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/isWorldTypeVersioned m
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/hasNotificationData n
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/SKY a
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/BLOCK b
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/defaultLightValue c
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/MOB_COUNT_DIV a
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/eligibleChunksForSpawning b
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter$PortalPosition/lastUpdateTime c
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter$PortalPosition/field_85088_e d
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/worldServerInstance a
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/random b
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/destinationCoordinateCache c
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/destinationCoordinateKeys d
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkX a
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkZ b
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/chunkArray c
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/hasExtendedLevels d
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/worldObj e
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/position a
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/scheduledTime b
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/priority c
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/nextTickEntryID d
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/block e
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/tickEntryID f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$1/field_180275_a a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/rootHeight a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/variation b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/OCEAN a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/COLD b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/MEDIUM c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/WARM d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/entityClass b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/minGroupCount c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/maxGroupCount d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/frozenRiver A
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/icePlains B
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/iceMountains C
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mushroomIsland D
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mushroomIslandShore E
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/beach F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/desertHills G
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/forestHills H
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/taigaHills I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHillsEdge J
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungle K
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungleHills L
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/jungleEdge M
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/deepOcean N
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/stoneBeach O
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldBeach P
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/birchForest Q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/birchForestHills R
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/roofedForest S
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldTaiga T
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/coldTaigaHills U
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/megaTaiga V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/megaTaigaHills W
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHillsPlus X
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/savanna Y
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/savannaPlateau Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Default a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorTrees aA
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorBigTree aB
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/worldGeneratorSwamp aC
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/logger aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeList aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesa aa
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesaPlateau_F ab
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/mesaPlateau ac
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/field_180279_ad ad
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/temperatureNoise ae
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/GRASS_COLOR_NOISE af
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/DOUBLE_PLANT_GENERATOR ag
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeName ah
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/color ai
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/field_150609_ah aj
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/topBlock ak
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/fillerBlock al
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/fillerBlockMetadata am
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/minHeight an
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/maxHeight ao
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/temperature ap
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/rainfall aq
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/waterColorMultiplier ar
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/theBiomeDecorator as
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableMonsterList at
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableCreatureList au
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableWaterCreatureList av
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/spawnableCaveCreatureList aw
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/enableSnow ax
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/enableRain ay
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/biomeID az
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_ShallowWaters b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Oceans c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_DeepOceans d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowPlains e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_MidPlains f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowHills g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_HighPlateaus h
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_MidHills i
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_Shores j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_RockyWaters k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_LowIslands l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/height_PartiallySubmerged m
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/explorationBiomesList n
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/BIOME_ID_MAP o
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/ocean p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/plains q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/desert r
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/extremeHills s
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/forest t
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/taiga u
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/swampland v
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/river w
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/hell x
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/sky y
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/frozenOcean z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/rainfallValues a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/biomes b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/xPosition c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/zPosition d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/lastAccessTime e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/field_76887_g f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/chunkManager a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/lastCleanupTime b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cacheMap c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cache d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/GRASS_COLOR a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/FOLIAGE_COLOR b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/WATER_COLOR_MULTIPLIER c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/treesPerChunk A
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/flowersPerChunk B
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/grassPerChunk C
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/deadBushPerChunk D
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomsPerChunk E
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/reedsPerChunk F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/cactiPerChunk G
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandPerChunk H
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandPerChunk2 I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/clayPerChunk J
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/bigMushroomsPerChunk K
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/generateLakes L
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/currentWorld a
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/randomGenerator b
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/field_180294_c c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/chunkProviderSettings d
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/clayGen e
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/sandGen f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/gravelAsSandGen g
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/dirtGen h
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/gravelGen i
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/graniteGen j
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/dioriteGen k
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/andesiteGen l
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/coalGen m
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/ironGen n
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/goldGen o
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/redstoneGen p
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/diamondGen q
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/lapisGen r
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/yellowFlowerGen s
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomBrownGen t
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/mushroomRedGen u
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/bigMushroomGen v
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/reedGen w
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/cactusGen x
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/waterlilyGen y
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/waterlilyPerChunk z
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/genBiomes b
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomeIndexLayer c
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomeCache d
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/biomesToSpawnIn e
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/generatorOptions f
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/theWorldGenerator aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150634_aD aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150635_aE aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150636_aF aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150637_aG aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/field_150638_aH aI
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/biomeGenerator b
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/rainfall c
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$2/field_150612_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$1/field_150613_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150629_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150630_aD aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150631_aE aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/field_150632_aF aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150615_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150616_aD aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/field_150617_aE aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_150614_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181620_aE aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181621_aF aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/field_181622_aG aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150621_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150622_aD aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150623_aE aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150624_aF aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150625_aG aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150626_aH aI
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/field_150620_aI aJ
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/baseBiome aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/field_150628_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/field_150627_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150639_aC aD
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150640_aD aE
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150641_aE aF
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150642_aF aG
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150643_aG aH
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/field_150644_aH aI
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator/spikeGen M
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/world a
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/position b
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/DAMAGE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$1/field_180370_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/ROTATION b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$1/field_180371_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/field_150662_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/world b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/pos c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/block d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/state e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/isPowered f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/field_150657_g g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_SOUTH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/EAST_WEST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_EAST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_WEST d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_NORTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/ASCENDING_SOUTH f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/SOUTH_EAST g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/SOUTH_WEST h
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_WEST i
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/NORTH_EAST j
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/META_LOOKUP k
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/meta l
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/name m
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isPowered a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/field_180369_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/field_180368_b b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/field_180358_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/field_180357_b b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/HEAD a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/FOOT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/name c
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/PART a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/OCCUPIED b
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/NONE a
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/XZ b
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/XYZ c
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/soundName a
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/volume b
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/frequency c
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockContainer A
net/minecraft/block/Block/minX B
net/minecraft/block/Block/minY C
net/minecraft/block/Block/minZ D
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxX E
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxY F
net/minecraft/block/Block/maxZ G
net/minecraft/block/Block/stepSound H
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockParticleGravity I
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockMaterial J
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockMapColor K
net/minecraft/block/Block/slipperiness L
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockState M
net/minecraft/block/Block/defaultBlockState N
net/minecraft/block/Block/unlocalizedName O
net/minecraft/block/Block/AIR_ID a
net/minecraft/block/Block/displayOnCreativeTab b
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockRegistry c
net/minecraft/block/Block/BLOCK_STATE_IDS d
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeStone e
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeWood f
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGravel g
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGrass h
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypePiston i
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeMetal j
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeGlass k
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeCloth l
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeSand m
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeSnow n
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeLadder o
net/minecraft/block/Block/soundTypeAnvil p
net/minecraft/block/Block/SLIME_SOUND q
net/minecraft/block/Block/fullBlock r
net/minecraft/block/Block/lightOpacity s
net/minecraft/block/Block/translucent t
net/minecraft/block/Block/lightValue u
net/minecraft/block/Block/useNeighborBrightness v
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockHardness w
net/minecraft/block/Block/blockResistance x
net/minecraft/block/Block/enableStats y
net/minecraft/block/Block/needsRandomTick z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sandstone A
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/noteblock B
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bed C
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/golden_rail D
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/detector_rail E
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sticky_piston F
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/web G
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tallgrass H
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/deadbush I
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston J
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston_head K
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wool L
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/piston_extension M
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/yellow_flower N
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_flower O
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brown_mushroom P
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_mushroom Q
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gold_block R
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_block S
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_stone_slab T
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_slab U
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brick_block V
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tnt W
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bookshelf X
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mossy_cobblestone Y
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/obsidian Z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/air a
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_door aA
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_pressure_plate aB
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_ore aC
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_redstone_ore aD
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unlit_redstone_torch aE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_torch aF
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_button aG
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/snow_layer aH
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ice aI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/snow aJ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cactus aK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/clay aL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/reeds aM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jukebox aN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_fence aO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_fence aP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_fence aQ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_fence aR
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_fence aS
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_fence aT
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/pumpkin aU
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/netherrack aV
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/soul_sand aW
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glowstone aX
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/portal aY
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_pumpkin aZ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/torch aa
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/fire ab
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mob_spawner ac
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_stairs ad
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/chest ae
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_wire af
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/diamond_ore ag
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/diamond_block ah
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/crafting_table ai
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wheat aj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/farmland ak
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/furnace al
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_furnace am
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/standing_sign an
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_door ao
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_door ap
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_door aq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_door ar
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_door as
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_door at
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ladder au
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/rail av
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_stairs aw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wall_sign ax
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lever ay
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_pressure_plate az
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone b
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick_stairs bA
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_wart bB
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/enchanting_table bC
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brewing_stand bD
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cauldron bE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_portal bF
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_portal_frame bG
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/end_stone bH
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dragon_egg bI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_lamp bJ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lit_redstone_lamp bK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_wooden_slab bL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_slab bM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cocoa bN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sandstone_stairs bO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/emerald_ore bP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/ender_chest bQ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tripwire_hook bR
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/tripwire bS
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/emerald_block bT
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_stairs bU
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_stairs bV
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_stairs bW
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/command_block bX
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/beacon bY
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cobblestone_wall bZ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cake ba
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unpowered_repeater bb
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/powered_repeater bc
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/trapdoor bd
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/monster_egg be
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stonebrick bf
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brown_mushroom_block bg
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_mushroom_block bh
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_bars bi
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glass_pane bj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/melon_block bk
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/pumpkin_stem bl
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/melon_stem bm
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/vine bn
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/oak_fence_gate bo
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/spruce_fence_gate bp
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/birch_fence_gate bq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/jungle_fence_gate br
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_fence_gate bs
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_fence_gate bt
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/brick_stairs bu
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_brick_stairs bv
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/mycelium bw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/waterlily bx
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick by
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/nether_brick_fence bz
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/grass c
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/coal_block cA
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/packed_ice cB
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/acacia_stairs cC
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dark_oak_stairs cD
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/slime_block cE
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_plant cF
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_glass cG
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_glass_pane cH
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/prismarine cI
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sea_lantern cJ
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/standing_banner cK
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wall_banner cL
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_sandstone cM
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/red_sandstone_stairs cN
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/double_stone_slab2 cO
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stone_slab2 cP
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flower_pot ca
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/carrots cb
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/potatoes cc
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/wooden_button cd
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/skull ce
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/anvil cf
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/trapped_chest cg
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/light_weighted_pressure_plate ch
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/heavy_weighted_pressure_plate ci
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/unpowered_comparator cj
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/powered_comparator ck
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/daylight_detector cl
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/daylight_detector_inverted cm
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/redstone_block cn
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_ore co
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hopper cp
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_block cq
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/quartz_stairs cr
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/activator_rail cs
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dropper ct
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/stained_hardened_clay cu
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/barrier cv
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_trapdoor cw
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hay_block cx
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/carpet cy
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/hardened_clay cz
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dirt d
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/cobblestone e
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/planks f
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sapling g
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/bedrock h
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flowing_water i
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/water j
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/flowing_lava k
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lava l
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sand m
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gravel n
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/gold_ore o
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/iron_ore p
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/coal_ore q
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/log r
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/log2 s
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/leaves t
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/leaves2 u
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/sponge v
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/glass w
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lapis_ore x
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/lapis_block y
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/dispenser z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/HAS_BOTTLE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton$1/field_180420_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/wooden N
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/POWERED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/BITES a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/LEVEL a
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/chestType b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa$1/field_180415_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/COLOR a
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/TRIGGERED a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/field_180418_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/field_180417_b b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/COMPARE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/SUBTRACT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/name c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/POWERED a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/MODE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/world a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/position b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/POWER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/inverted b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/POWERED N
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/SHAPE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isRepeaterPowered N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirectional/FACING O
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/DIRT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/COARSE_DIRT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/PODZOL c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/METADATA_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/metadata e
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/field_181067_h h
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/SNOWY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/dispenseBehaviorRegistry N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/rand O
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/TRIGGERED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/UPPER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/LOWER b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/LEFT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/RIGHT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/HINGE N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/POWERED O
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/HALF P
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/OPEN b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/UPPER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/LOWER b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/SUNFLOWER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/SYRINGA b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/GRASS c
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/FERN d
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/ROSE e
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/PAEONIA f
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/META_LOOKUP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/meta h
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/name i
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/unlocalizedName j
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/FACING N
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/HALF b
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/dropBehavior P
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/adjacentSourceBlocks a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/EYE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/fallInstantly N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland$1/field_181625_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/MOISTURE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/SOUTH N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/WEST O
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/NORTH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/EAST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/IN_WALL N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/OPEN a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/POWERED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/ALT N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/NORTH O
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/EAST P
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/SOUTH Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/WEST R
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/UPPER S
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/encouragements T
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/flammabilities U
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/FLIP b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/field_180355_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/field_180351_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/DANDELION a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/POPPY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/BLUE_ORCHID c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/ALLIUM d
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/HOUSTONIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/RED_TULIP f
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/ORANGE_TULIP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/WHITE_TULIP h
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/PINK_TULIP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/OXEYE_DAISY j
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/TYPES_FOR_BLOCK k
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/blockType l
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/meta m
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/name n
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/unlocalizedName o
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/$VALUES p
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/YELLOW a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/RED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/type a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$1/field_180353_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$1/field_180352_b b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/EMPTY a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/POPPY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/BLUE_ORCHID c
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ALLIUM d
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/HOUSTONIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/RED_TULIP f
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ORANGE_TULIP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/WHITE_TULIP h
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/PINK_TULIP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/OXEYE_DAISY j
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DANDELION k
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/OAK_SAPLING l
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/SPRUCE_SAPLING m
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/BIRCH_SAPLING n
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/JUNGLE_SAPLING o
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/ACACIA_SAPLING p
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DARK_OAK_SAPLING q
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/MUSHROOM_RED r
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/MUSHROOM_BROWN s
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/DEAD_BUSH t
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/FERN u
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/CACTUS v
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/name w
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/$VALUES x
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/LEGACY_DATA a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/CONTENTS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace$1/field_180356_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/keepInventory N
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/isBurning b
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/SNOWY a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/name c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/HALF a
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/ignoreSimilarity a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/ENABLED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$1/field_181092_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH_WEST a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH b
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/NORTH_EAST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/WEST d
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/CENTER e
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/EAST f
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH_WEST g
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH h
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/SOUTH_EAST i
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/STEM j
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_INSIDE k
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_OUTSIDE l
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/ALL_STEM m
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/META_LOOKUP n
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/meta o
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/name p
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/$VALUES q
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/smallBlock b
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/record a
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/HAS_RECORD a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder$1/field_180190_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/surroundings N
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/iconIndex O
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isTransparent P
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/DECAYABLE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/CHECK_DECAY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180165_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180163_b b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$1/field_180164_c c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/DOWN_X a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/EAST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/WEST c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/NORTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/UP_Z f
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/UP_X g
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/DOWN_Z h
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/META_LOOKUP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/meta j
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/name k
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/facing l
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/POWERED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/LEVEL b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$1/field_180167_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/X a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/Y b
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/Z c
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/NONE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/name e
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/LOG_AXIS a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$1/field_180178_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/COBBLESTONE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/STONEBRICK c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/MOSSY_STONEBRICK d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/CRACKED_STONEBRICK e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/CHISELED_STONEBRICK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/META_LOOKUP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/meta h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/name i
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/unlocalizedName j
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/SNOWY a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/VARIANT Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$2/field_181093_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$2/field_180191_a b
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/VARIANT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/RED_SANDSTONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/META_LOOKUP b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/meta c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/name d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/field_181069_e e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/VARIANT N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/SEAMLESS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/INSTRUMENTS a
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/VARIANT Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$2/field_181094_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$2/field_180203_a b
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/VARIANT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/OAK a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/SPRUCE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/BIRCH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/JUNGLE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/ACACIA e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/DARK_OAK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/META_LOOKUP g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/meta h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/name i
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/unlocalizedName j
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/mapColor k
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/world a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/axis b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150866_c c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150863_d d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150864_e e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150861_f f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150862_g g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/field_150868_h h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/AXIS a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$2/field_180121_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/POWERED N
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/SHAPE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$1/field_180127_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/EVERYTHING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/MOBS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/POWERED a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/sensitivity b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/ROUGH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/BRICKS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/DARK c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/META_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/meta e
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/BRICKS_META N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/DARK_META O
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/ROUGH_META b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/golemBasePattern N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/golemPattern P
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/field_181085_Q Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/snowmanBasePattern a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/snowmanPattern b
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$1/field_180101_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_Y c
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_X d
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/LINES_Z e
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/META_LOOKUP f
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/meta g
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/field_176805_h h
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/unlocalizedName i
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/SHAPE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/meta e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/TYPE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/isOn a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/UP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/SIDE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/NONE c
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/name d
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/SOUTH N
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/WEST O
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/POWER P
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canProvidePower Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/blocksNeedingUpdate R
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/NORTH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/EAST b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/isOn a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle/pos a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch$Toggle/time b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isOn N
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/toggles b
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/LOCKED a
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/DELAY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockRotatedPillar/AXIS N
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/SAND a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/RED_SAND b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/META_LOOKUP c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/meta d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/name e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/mapColor f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/CHISELED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/metadata e
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/TYPE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling$1/field_177065_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/TYPE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/STAGE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$2/field_177063_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/IS_WITHER_SKELETON N
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/witherBasePattern O
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/witherPattern P
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/NODROP b
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/LAYERS a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/WET a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/COLOR a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/COLOR a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/name c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/STRAIGHT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/INNER_LEFT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/INNER_RIGHT c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/OUTER_LEFT d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/OUTER_RIGHT e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/SHAPE N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/field_150150_a O
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modelBlock P
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modelState Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/hasRaytraced R
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/rayTracePass S
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/HALF b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/ROTATION a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/crop N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/AGE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/FACING b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/GRANITE b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/GRANITE_SMOOTH c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/DIORITE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/DIORITE_SMOOTH e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/ANDESITE f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/ANDESITE_SMOOTH g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/META_LOOKUP h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/meta i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/name j
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/unlocalizedName k
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/field_181073_l l
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/MOSSY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/CRACKED c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/CHISELED d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/META_LOOKUP e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/meta f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/name g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/unlocalizedName h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/MOSSY_META N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/CRACKED_META O
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/CHISELED_META P
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/VARIANT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/DEFAULT_META b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/STONE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/SAND b
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/WOOD c
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/COBBLESTONE d
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/BRICK e
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/SMOOTHBRICK f
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/NETHERBRICK g
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/QUARTZ h
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/META_LOOKUP i
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/meta j
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/field_181075_k k
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/name l
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/unlocalizedName m
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/VARIANT N
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/SEAMLESS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/DEAD_BUSH a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/GRASS b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/FERN c
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/META_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/meta e
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/name f
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/TYPE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/EAST N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/SOUTH O
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/WEST P
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canDrop a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/NORTH b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/EXPLODE a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$2/field_176609_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/fancyGraphics R
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$1/field_177058_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/TOP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/BOTTOM b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/name c
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/HALF N
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/OPEN b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/ATTACHED N
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/DISARMED O
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/NORTH P
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/EAST Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/SOUTH R
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/WEST S
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/POWERED a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/SUSPENDED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook$1/field_177056_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/ATTACHED N
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/SUSPENDED O
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/POWERED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine$1/field_177057_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/EAST N
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/SOUTH O
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/WEST P
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/ALL_FACES Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/UP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/NORTH b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/NORMAL a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/MOSSY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/META_LOOKUP c
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/meta d
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/name e
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/unlocalizedName f
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/EAST N
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/SOUTH O
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/WEST P
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/VARIANT Q
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/UP a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/NORTH b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign$1/field_177331_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/POWER a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/field_150068_a b
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/VARIANT b
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/COLOR a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_VERTICAL A
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_HORIZONTAL B
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_VERTICAL_MIRROR C
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/HALF_HORIZONTAL_MIRROR D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BORDER E
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CURLY_BORDER F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CREEPER G
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/GRADIENT H
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/GRADIENT_UP I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BRICKS J
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SKULL K
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/FLOWER L
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/MOJANG M
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternName N
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternID O
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/craftingLayers P
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/patternCraftingStack Q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/$VALUES R
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/BASE a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_BOTTOM_LEFT b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_BOTTOM_RIGHT c
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_TOP_LEFT d
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/SQUARE_TOP_RIGHT e
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_BOTTOM f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_TOP g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_LEFT h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_RIGHT i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_CENTER j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_MIDDLE k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_DOWNRIGHT l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_DOWNLEFT m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRIPE_SMALL n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CROSS o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/STRAIGHT_CROSS p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLE_BOTTOM q
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLE_TOP r
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLES_BOTTOM s
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/TRIANGLES_TOP t
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_LEFT u
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_RIGHT v
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_LEFT_MIRROR w
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/DIAGONAL_RIGHT_MIRROR x
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/CIRCLE_MIDDLE y
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/RHOMBUS_MIDDLE z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/baseColor a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patterns f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/field_175119_g g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patternList h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/colorList i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/patternResourceLocation j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/colors a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/height b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/effectsList a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/beamSegments f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/beamRenderCounter g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/field_146014_j h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isComplete i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/levels j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/primaryEffect k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/secondaryEffect l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/payment m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/customName n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/field_150830_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/field_150832_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/field_150834_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/logger a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/worldObj b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/pos c
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/tileEntityInvalid d
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/blockType e
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/nameToClassMap f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/classToNameMap g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/blockMetadata h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/inputSlots a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/outputSlots f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewingItemStacks g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewTime h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/filledSlots i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/ingredientID j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/customName k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest$1/field_177366_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestChecked a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestZNeg f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestXPos g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestXNeg h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/adjacentChestZPos i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/lidAngle j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/prevLidAngle k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/numPlayersUsing l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/chestContents m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/ticksSinceSync n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/cachedChestType o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/customName p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/field_145767_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/commandBlockLogic a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/outputSignal a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/customName a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/RNG f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/stacks g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/tickCount a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/pageFlip f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/pageFlipPrev g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145932_k h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145929_l i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookSpread j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookSpreadPrev k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookRotation l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/bookRotationPrev m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/field_145924_q n
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/rand o
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/customName p
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/lidAngle a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/prevLidAngle f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/numPlayersUsing g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/ticksSinceSync h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/flowerPotItem a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/flowerPotData f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsTop a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsBottom f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/slotsSides g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceItemStacks h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceBurnTime i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/currentItemBurnTime j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/cookTime k
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/totalCookTime l
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/furnaceCustomName m
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/inventory a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/customName f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/transferCooldown g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/code a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/field_150825_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/spawnerLogic a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/note a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/previousRedstoneState f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/field_174795_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/field_174797_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/field_174796_b b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/signText a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/lineBeingEdited f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/isEditable g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/player h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/stats i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/skullType a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/skullRotation f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/playerProfile g
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase$1/field_177243_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isSticky N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/EXTENDED b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$1/field_177247_a a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/STICKY b
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/VARIANT c
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/SHORT N
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/TYPE b
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston$1/field_177248_a a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/pistonState a
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/pistonFacing f
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/extending g
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/shouldHeadBeRendered h
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/progress i
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/lastProgress j
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/field_174933_k k
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/FACING a
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/TYPE b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/world a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/pistonPos b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/blockToMove c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/moveDirection d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/toMove e
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/toDestroy f
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/COMMA_JOINER a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/MAP_ENTRY_TO_STRING b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/field_177549_a a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/block a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/properties b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/propertyValueTable c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/COMMA_JOINER a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/GET_NAME_FUNC b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/block c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/properties d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/validStates e
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/field_177504_a a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/world a
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/pos b
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/field_181628_c c
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/state d
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/tileEntity e
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/tileEntityInitialized f
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/world a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/field_181626_b b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/pos a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/finger b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/thumb c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/lcache d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181120_e e
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181121_f f
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/field_181122_g g
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/blockMatches a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/fingerLength b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/thumbLength c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/palmLength d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/COMMA_JOIN a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/depth b
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/symbolMap c
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/aisleHeight d
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/rowWidth e
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/block a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/blockstate a
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/propertyPredicates b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/valueClass a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/name b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/allowedValues a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/allowedValues a
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/nameToValue b
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/allowedValues a
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/GROWING a
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/SHRINKING b
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/STATIONARY c
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/id d
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/listeners a
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/centerX b
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/centerZ c
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/startDiameter d
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/endDiameter e
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/endTime f
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/startTime g
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/worldSize h
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/damageAmount i
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/damageBuffer j
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/warningTime k
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/warningDistance l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/data a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150824_a a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150822_b b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150823_c c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/field_150821_d d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/field_177457_a a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/field_177456_b b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/field_177450_a a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/field_177449_b b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/IMMEDIATE a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/QUEUED b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/CHECK c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/xPosition a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/zPosition b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/logger c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/storageArrays d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/blockBiomeArray e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/precipitationHeightMap f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/updateSkylightColumns g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isChunkLoaded h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/worldObj i
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/heightMap j
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isGapLightingUpdated k
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/chunkTileEntityMap l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/entityLists m
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isTerrainPopulated n
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLightPopulated o
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/field_150815_m p
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isModified q
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/hasEntities r
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/lastSaveTime s
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/heightMapMinimum t
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/inhabitedTime u
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/queuedLightChecks v
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/tileEntityPosQueue w
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/yBase a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/blockRefCount b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/tickRefCount c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/data d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/blocklightArray e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/skylightArray f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/data a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/depthBits b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/depthBitsPlusFour c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/lastUpdated a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/terrainPopulated b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/heightmap c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/blockLight d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/skyLight e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/data f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/blocks g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/entities h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/tileEntities i
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/tileTicks j
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/x k
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData/z l
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/field_76724_a a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/chunkX b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/chunkZ c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/emptySector a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/fileName b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/dataFile c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/offsets d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/chunkTimestamps e
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/sectorFree f
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/sizeDelta g
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/lastModified h
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/regionsByFilename a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/logger a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunksToRemove b
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/pendingAnvilChunksCoordinates c
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunkSaveLocation d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/field_183014_e e
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/moonPhaseFactors a
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/worldObj b
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/worldChunkMgr c
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isHellWorld d
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/hasNoSky e
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/lightBrightnessTable f
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/dimensionId g
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/terrainType h
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/generatorSettings i
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/colorsSunriseSunset j
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/field_177764_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/field_75046_d d
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/data a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/defaultState b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useRavines A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useWaterLakes B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/waterLakeChance C
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useLavaLakes D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lavaLakeChance E
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useLavaOceans F
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/fixedBiome G
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeSize H
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/riverSize I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtSize J
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtCount K
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtMinHeight L
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dirtMaxHeight M
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelSize N
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelCount O
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelMinHeight P
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/gravelMaxHeight Q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteSize R
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteCount S
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteMinHeight T
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/graniteMaxHeight U
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteSize V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteCount W
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteMinHeight X
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dioriteMaxHeight Y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteSize Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/JSON_ADAPTER a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisSpread aA
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteCount aa
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteMinHeight ab
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/andesiteMaxHeight ac
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalSize ad
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalCount ae
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalMinHeight af
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coalMaxHeight ag
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironSize ah
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironCount ai
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironMinHeight aj
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/ironMaxHeight ak
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldSize al
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldCount am
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldMinHeight an
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/goldMaxHeight ao
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneSize ap
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneCount aq
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneMinHeight ar
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/redstoneMaxHeight as
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondSize at
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondCount au
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondMinHeight av
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/diamondMaxHeight aw
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisSize ax
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisCount ay
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lapisCenterHeight az
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/coordinateScale b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/heightScale c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/upperLimitScale d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/lowerLimitScale e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleX f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleZ g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/depthNoiseScaleExponent h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleX i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleY j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/mainNoiseScaleZ k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/baseSize l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/stretchY m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeDepthWeight n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeDepthOffset o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeScaleWeight p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/biomeScaleOffset q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/seaLevel r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useCaves s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useDungeons t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/dungeonChance u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useStrongholds v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useVillages w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useMineShafts x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useTemples y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/useMonuments z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useWaterLakes A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/waterLakeChance B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useLavaLakes C
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lavaLakeChance D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useLavaOceans E
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/fixedBiome F
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeSize G
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/riverSize H
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtSize I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtCount J
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtMinHeight K
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dirtMaxHeight L
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelSize M
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelCount N
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelMinHeight O
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/gravelMaxHeight P
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteSize Q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteCount R
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteMinHeight S
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/graniteMaxHeight T
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteSize U
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteCount V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteMinHeight W
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dioriteMaxHeight X
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteSize Y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteCount Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coordinateScale a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteMinHeight aa
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/andesiteMaxHeight ab
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalSize ac
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalCount ad
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalMinHeight ae
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/coalMaxHeight af
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironSize ag
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironCount ah
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironMinHeight ai
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/ironMaxHeight aj
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldSize ak
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldCount al
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldMinHeight am
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/goldMaxHeight an
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneSize ao
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneCount ap
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneMinHeight aq
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/redstoneMaxHeight ar
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondSize as
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondCount at
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondMinHeight au
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/diamondMaxHeight av
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisSize aw
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisCount ax
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisCenterHeight ay
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lapisSpread az
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/heightScale b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/upperLimitScale c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/lowerLimitScale d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleX e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleZ f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/depthNoiseScaleExponent g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleX h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleY i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/mainNoiseScaleZ j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/baseSize k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/stretchY l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeDepthWeight m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeDepthOffSet n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeScaleWeight o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/biomeScaleOffset p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/seaLevel q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useCaves r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useDungeons s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/dungeonChance t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useStrongholds u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useVillages v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useMineShafts w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useTemples x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useMonuments y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings/useRavines z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_177464_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_177462_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/field_181039_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/world d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/worldObj a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/random b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/cachedBlockIDs c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/flatWorldGenInfo d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/structureGenerators e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/hasDecoration f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/hasDungeons g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/waterLakeGenerator h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/lavaLakeGenerator i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177465_A A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/genNetherBridge B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherCaveGenerator C
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen6 a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen7 b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData1 c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData2 d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData3 e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData4 f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseData5 g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/worldObj h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177466_i i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/hellRNG j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/slowsandNoise k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/gravelNoise l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherrackExclusivityNoise m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/noiseField n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen1 o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen2 p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherNoiseGen3 q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/slowsandGravelNoiseGen r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/netherrackExculsivityNoiseGen s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177470_t t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177469_u u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177468_v v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177467_w w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177473_x x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177472_y y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/field_177471_z z
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/range a
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/rand b
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/worldObj c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/oceanMonumentGenerator A
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/biomesForGeneration B
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/noiseGen5 a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/noiseGen6 b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mobSpawnerNoise c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mainNoiseArray d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/lowerLimitNoiseArray e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/upperLimitNoiseArray f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/depthNoiseArray g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/rand h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147431_j i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147432_k j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147429_l k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147430_m l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/worldObj m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mapFeaturesEnabled n
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_177475_o o
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/field_147434_q p
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/parabolicField q
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/settings r
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/oceanBlockTmpl s
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/stoneNoise t
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/caveGenerator u
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/strongholdGenerator v
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/villageGenerator w
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/mineshaftGenerator x
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/scatteredFeatureGenerator y
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/ravineGenerator z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen4 a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen5 b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData1 c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData2 d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData3 e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData4 f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseData5 g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/endRNG h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen1 i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen2 j
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/noiseGen3 k
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/endWorld l
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/densities m
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/biomesForGeneration n
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates/field_178000_b c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightLimit a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/height b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightAttenuation c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/branchSlope d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/scaleWidth e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafDensity f
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/trunkSize g
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/heightLimitLimit h
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafDistanceLimit i
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/field_175948_j j
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/rand k
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/world l
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/basePos m
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/field_181629_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/field_181630_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/useExtraRandomHeight c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/field_150545_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/field_150544_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/chestItems a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/itemsToGenerateInBonusChest b
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature/field_175908_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/field_150546_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/numberOfBlocks b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175913_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175911_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175912_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/field_175910_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/field_150549_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/doBlockNotify a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/flower a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/field_175915_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/leavesMetadata a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/woodMetadata b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/field_150553_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/field_94524_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom/mushroomType a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/block a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/basePathWidth b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes/block a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181633_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181634_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/field_181635_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/useBaseHeight h
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/baseHeight a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/woodMetadata b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/leavesMetadata c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/extraRandomHeight d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/field_175918_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/SPAWNERTYPES b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/CHESTCONTENT c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/oreBlock a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/numberOfBlocks b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/predicate c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/field_181636_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/field_181637_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/field_181640_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/field_181641_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/block a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/radius b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/field_181643_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/field_181644_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes/baseBlockRequired a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids/block a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/field_181645_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/field_181646_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/field_181648_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/field_181649_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass/tallGrassState a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/field_181653_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/field_181654_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/minTreeHeight c
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/vinesGrow d
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/metaWood e
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/metaLeaves f
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/flatLayers a
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/worldFeatures b
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/biomeToUse c
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/field_175902_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerMaterial b
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerCount c
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/layerMinimumY d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox$1/field_175895_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minX a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minY b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/minZ c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxX d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxY e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/maxZ f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/field_82673_e d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$1/field_175894_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/hasRails a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/hasSpiders b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/spawnerPlaced c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/sectionCount d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/corridorDirection a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/isMultipleFloors b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/roomsLinkedToTheRoom a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/CHEST_CONTENT_WEIGHT_LIST a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/spawnList d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$1/field_175888_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/fillSeed b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/field_111021_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/field_111020_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/hasSpawner b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/field_111019_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/weightClass a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78826_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78827_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78824_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/field_78825_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/theNetherBridgePieceWeight b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/primaryWeights c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/secondaryWeights d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/field_74967_d e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/primaryComponents a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/secondaryComponents b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/field_175791_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/field_175790_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175802_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175800_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175801_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/field_175803_h h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$1/field_175971_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175845_o o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175844_p p
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/field_175843_q q
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175828_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175826_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175827_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175824_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175825_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175822_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175823_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175831_h h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175832_i i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175829_j j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/field_175830_k k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom/field_175833_o o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom/field_175834_o o
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175967_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175965_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175966_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175963_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175964_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/field_175962_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/biomelist d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/scatteredFeatureSpawnList f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/maxDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/minDistanceBetweenScatteredFeatures h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$1/field_175956_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/hasPlacedChest e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/itemsToGenerateInTemple f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedMainChest e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedHiddenChest f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedTrap1 g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/placedTrap2 h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/field_175816_i i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/field_175815_j j
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/junglePyramidsRandomScatteredStones k
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeX a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeY b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/scatteredFeatureSizeZ c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/field_74936_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/hasWitch e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_151546_e d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/ranBiomeCheck f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/structureCoords g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_82671_h h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/field_82672_i i
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$3/field_75245_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$3/field_175951_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/strongholdChestContents a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/hasMadeChest b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/field_74993_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74996_b a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74997_c b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74995_d c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/field_74999_h e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/strongholdLibraryChestContents a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/isLargeRoom b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/pieceClass a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/pieceWeight b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/instancesSpawned c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/instancesLimit d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/hasSpawner a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/roomType a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/strongholdRoomCrossingChestContents b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/field_75024_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/strongholdPieceWeight a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/strongholdPortalRoom b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/field_75026_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/expandsX a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/expandsZ b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/OPENING a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/WOOD_DOOR b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/GRATES c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/IRON_DOOR d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/field_143013_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/totalWeight a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/pieceWeightArray b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/structurePieceList c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/strongComponentType d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/strongholdStones e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85169_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85167_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/field_85168_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85165_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85163_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/field_85164_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/field_85161_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/structureData d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/structureMap e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/logger a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/startNameToClassMap b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/startClassToNameMap c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/componentNameToClassMap d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/componentClassToNameMap e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/tagCompound b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$1/field_176100_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/blockstate a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/boundingBox l
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/coordBaseMode m
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/componentType n
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/components a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/boundingBox b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/chunkPosX c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/chunkPosZ d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/hasMoreThanTwoComponents c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/villageSpawnBiomes d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/terrainType f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/field_82665_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/field_82666_h h
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$1/field_176064_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeA a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeB b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeC c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/cropTypeD d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/cropTypeA a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/cropTypeB b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePieceClass a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePieceWeight b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePiecesSpawned c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/villagePiecesLimit d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/isRoofAccessible a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/isTallHouse a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/tablePosition b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/villageBlacksmithChestContents a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/hasMadeChest b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/worldChunkMngr a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/inDesert b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/terrainType c
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/structVillagePieceWeight d
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/structureVillageWeightedPieceList e
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/field_74932_i f
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/field_74930_j g
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/length a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/villagersSpawned a
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/isDesertVillage b
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/field_143015_k h
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/xCoord a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/yCoord b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/zCoord c
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/permutations d
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152381_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152382_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152383_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152384_h h
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/field_152385_i i
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generatorCollection a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/octaves b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/field_151603_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/field_151602_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151614_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151612_b b
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151613_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151610_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151611_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151608_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151609_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/field_151615_h h
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cactus A
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/clay B
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/gourd C
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/dragonEgg D
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/portal E
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cake F
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/web G
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/piston H
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/barrier I
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/canBurn J
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/replaceable K
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isTranslucent L
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/materialMapColor M
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/requiresNoTool N
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/mobilityFlag O
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isAdventureModeExempt P
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/air a
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/grass b
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/ground c
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/wood d
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/rock e
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/iron f
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/anvil g
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/water h
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/lava i
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/leaves j
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/plants k
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/vine l
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/sponge m
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/cloth n
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/fire o
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/sand p
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/circuits q
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/carpet r
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/glass s
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/redstoneLight t
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/tnt u
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/coral v
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/ice w
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/packedIce x
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/snow y
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/craftedSnow z
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/blueColor A
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/brownColor B
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/greenColor C
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/redColor D
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/blackColor E
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/goldColor F
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/diamondColor G
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/lapisColor H
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/emeraldColor I
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/obsidianColor J
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/netherrackColor K
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/colorValue L
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/colorIndex M
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/mapColorArray a
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/airColor b
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/grassColor c
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/sandColor d
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/clothColor e
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/tntColor f
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/iceColor g
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/ironColor h
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/foliageColor i
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/snowColor j
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/clayColor k
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/dirtColor l
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/stoneColor m
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/waterColor n
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/woodColor o
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/quartzColor p
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/adobeColor q
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/magentaColor r
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/lightBlueColor s
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/yellowColor t
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/limeColor u
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/pinkColor v
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/grayColor w
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/silverColor x
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/cyanColor y
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/purpleColor z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$1/field_151642_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/COOL_WARM a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/HEAT_ICE b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/SPECIAL c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/field_151627_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151623_c c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151621_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151622_e e
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_151620_f f
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/field_175973_g g
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/intCacheSize a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/freeSmallArrays b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/inUseSmallArrays c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/freeLargeArrays d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/inUseLargeArrays e
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/field_176191_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/field_176192_a a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/parent a
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/baseSeed b
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/worldGenSeed c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/chunkSeed d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/logger c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/field_151628_d d
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/biomePatternGeneratorChain c
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/riverPatternGeneratorChain d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/pathPoints a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/count b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/xCoord a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/yCoord b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/zCoord c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/index d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/totalPathDistance e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToNext f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToTarget g
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/previous h
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/visited i
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/hash j
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/blockaccess a
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/pointMap b
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeX c
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeY d
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/entitySizeZ e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/points a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/currentPathIndex b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/pathLength c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/path a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/pathOptions b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/nodeProcessor c
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canEnterDoors f
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canBreakDoors g
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/avoidsWater h
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/canSwim i
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/shouldAvoidWater j
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/mapName a
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/dirty b
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176117_a a
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176115_b b
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176116_c c
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/field_176114_d d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/entityplayerObj a
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_82569_d b
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176107_c c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176105_d d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/minX e
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/minY f
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/maxX g
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/maxY h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/field_176109_i i
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/xCenter b
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/zCenter c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/dimension d
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/scale e
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/colors f
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/playersArrayList g
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/mapDecorations h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/playersHashMap i
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter$1/field_76172_a a
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/logger b
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/theWorldInfo b
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/logger a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/worldDirectory b
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/playersDirectory c
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/mapDataDir d
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/initializationTime e
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveDirectoryName f
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/savesDirectory a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/logger b
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/field_85143_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/field_85139_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/field_85141_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/field_85135_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/field_85137_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/field_85115_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/field_85113_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/field_85111_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/field_85109_a a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/difficultyLocked A
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderCenterX B
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderCenterZ C
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSize D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSizeLerpTime E
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSizeLerpTarget F
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderSafeZone G
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderDamagePerBlock H
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderWarningDistance I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/borderWarningTime J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/theGameRules K
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/DEFAULT_DIFFICULTY a
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/randomSeed b
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/terrainType c
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/generatorOptions d
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnX e
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnY f
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/spawnZ g
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/totalTime h
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/worldTime i
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/lastTimePlayed j
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/sizeOnDisk k
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/playerTag l
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/dimension m
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/levelName n
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/saveVersion o
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/cleanWeatherTime p
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/raining q
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/rainTime r
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/thundering s
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/thunderTime t
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/theGameType u
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/mapFeaturesEnabled v
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/hardcore w
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/allowCommands x
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/initialized y
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/difficulty z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/fileName a
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/displayName b
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/lastTimePlayed c
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/sizeOnDisk d
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/requiresConversion e
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/theEnumGameType f
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/hardcore g
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/cheatsEnabled h
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadedDataMap a
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveHandler b
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadedDataList c
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/idCounts d
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/threadedIOInstance a
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/threadedIOQueue b
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/writeQueuedCounter c
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/savedIOCounter d
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/isThreadWaiting e
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minX a
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minY b
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/minZ c
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxX d
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxY e
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/maxZ f
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/MISS a
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/BLOCK b
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/ENTITY c
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/typeOfHit a
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/sideHit b
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/hitVec c
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/entityHit d
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/blockPos e
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/xCoord a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/yCoord b
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/zCoord c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/theScoreboard a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/name b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/objectiveCriteria c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/renderType d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/displayName e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/theScoreboard a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/registeredName b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/membershipSet c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/teamNameSPT d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/namePrefixSPT e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/colorSuffix f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/allowFriendlyFire g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/canSeeFriendlyInvisibles h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/nameTagVisibility i
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/deathMessageVisibility j
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/chatFormat k
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scoreComparator a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/theScoreboard b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/theScoreObjective c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scorePlayerName d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/scorePoints e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/locked f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/forceUpdate g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/scoreObjectives a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/scoreObjectiveCriterias b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/entitiesScoreObjectives c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/objectiveDisplaySlots d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/teams e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/teamMemberships f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/field_178823_g g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/logger b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/theScoreboard c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/delayedInitNbt d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/ALWAYS a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/NEVER b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/HIDE_FOR_OTHER_TEAMS c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/HIDE_FOR_OWN_TEAM d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/internalName e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/id f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/field_178828_g g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/goalName j
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/dummyName j
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/INTEGER a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/HEARTS b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/field_178801_c c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/field_178798_d d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/INSTANCES a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/DUMMY b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/TRIGGER c
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/deathCount d
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/playerKillCount e
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/totalKillCount f
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/health g
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/field_178792_h h
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/field_178793_i i
net/minecraft/stats/ObjectiveStat/stat j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/VIEWPORT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/MODELVIEW b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/PROJECTION c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/OBJECTCOORDS d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/position e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationX f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationXZ g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationZ h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationYZ i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/rotationXY j
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/updateCounterCreated a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/lineString b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/chatLineID c
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keybindArray a
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/hash b
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keybindSet c
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyDescription d
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCodeDefault e
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCategory f
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/keyCode g
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/pressed h
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/pressTime i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/colorBuffer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/LIGHT0_POS b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/LIGHT1_POS c
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$1/field_74532_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$10/field_183016_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$10/field_183017_b b
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$11/field_74536_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/field_90055_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/field_90053_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/field_74421_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/field_74503_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/field_79002_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/field_74500_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/field_82887_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/field_90051_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/field_90046_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/field_90048_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/field_142056_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/field_151425_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/field_152389_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$8/field_152128_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$9/field_183003_a a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcProfiler A
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/running B
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debug C
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175613_B D
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175614_C E
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175611_D F
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderChunksMany G
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugUpdateTime H
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fpsCounter I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/prevFrameTime J
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/logger K
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/locationMojangPng L
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/macDisplayModes M
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fileResourcepacks N
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/twitchDetails O
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/profileProperties P
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/currentServerData Q
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderEngine R
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theMinecraft S
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fullscreen T
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/enableGLErrorChecking U
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/hasCrashed V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/crashReporter W
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/connectedToRealms X
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/timer Y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/usageSnooper Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isRunningOnMac a
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/defaultResourcePacks aA
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcDefaultResourcePack aB
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcResourcePackRepository aC
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcLanguageManager aD
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/stream aE
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/framebufferMc aF
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/textureMapBlocks aG
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcSoundHandler aH
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcMusicTicker aI
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mojangLogo aJ
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/sessionService aK
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/skinManager aL
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/scheduledTasks aM
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/field_175615_aJ aN
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcThread aO
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/modelManager aP
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/blockRenderDispatcher aQ
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugProfilerName aR
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderManager aa
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderItem ab
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/itemRenderer ac
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderViewEntity ad
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/session ae
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGamePaused af
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/leftClickCounter ag
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/tempDisplayWidth ah
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/tempDisplayHeight ai
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theIntegratedServer aj
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fileAssets ak
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/launchedVersion al
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/proxy am
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/saveLoader an
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugFPS ao
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/rightClickDelayTimer ap
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/serverName aq
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/serverPort ar
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/joinPlayerCounter as
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/jvm64bit at
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isDemo au
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/myNetworkManager av
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/integratedServerIsRunning aw
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/debugCrashKeyPressTime ax
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcResourceManager ay
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/metadataSerializer_ az
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/memoryReserve b
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/playerController c
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayWidth d
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayHeight e
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/theWorld f
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/renderGlobal g
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/thePlayer h
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/pointedEntity i
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/effectRenderer j
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/fontRendererObj k
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/standardGalacticFontRenderer l
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/currentScreen m
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadingScreen n
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/entityRenderer o
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/guiAchievement p
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/ingameGUI q
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/skipRenderWorld r
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/objectMouseOver s
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/gameSettings t
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mouseHelper u
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/mcDataDir v
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/inGameHasFocus w
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/systemTime x
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/frameTimer y
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startNanoTime z
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/deltaX a
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/deltaY b
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$2/field_151477_a a
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_WIDTH A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_HEIGHT_FOCUSED B
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_HEIGHT_UNFOCUSED C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/MIPMAP_LEVELS D
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FORCE_UNICODE_FONT E
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_BYTES_PER_PIXEL F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_VOLUME_MIC G
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_VOLUME_SYSTEM H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_KBPS I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_FPS J
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_COMPRESSION K
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_SEND_METADATA L
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_CHAT_ENABLED M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_CHAT_USER_FILTER N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/STREAM_MIC_TOGGLE_BEHAVIOR O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/BLOCK_ALTERNATIVES P
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/REDUCED_DEBUG_INFO Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ENTITY_SHADOWS R
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/REALMS_NOTIFICATIONS S
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumFloat T
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumBoolean U
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/enumString V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueStep W
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueMin X
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueMax Y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/$VALUES Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/INVERT_MOUSE a
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SENSITIVITY b
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FOV c
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GAMMA d
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SATURATION e
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/RENDER_DISTANCE f
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/VIEW_BOBBING g
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ANAGLYPH h
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FRAMERATE_LIMIT i
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/FBO_ENABLE j
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/RENDER_CLOUDS k
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GRAPHICS l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/AMBIENT_OCCLUSION m
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/GUI_SCALE n
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/PARTICLES o
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_VISIBILITY p
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_COLOR q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_LINKS r
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_OPACITY s
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_LINKS_PROMPT t
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/SNOOPER_ENABLED u
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/USE_FULLSCREEN v
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/ENABLE_VSYNC w
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/USE_VBO x
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/TOUCHSCREEN y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/CHAT_SCALE z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/touchscreen A
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/overrideWidth B
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/overrideHeight C
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/heldItemTooltips D
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatScale E
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatWidth F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatHeightUnfocused G
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatHeightFocused H
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showInventoryAchievementHint I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mipmapLevels J
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamBytesPerPixel K
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamMicVolume L
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamGameVolume M
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamKbps N
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamFps O
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamCompression P
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamSendMetadata Q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamPreferredServer R
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamChatEnabled S
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamChatUserFilter T
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/streamMicToggleBehavior U
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/useNativeTransport V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/entityShadows W
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/realmsNotifications X
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindForward Y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindLeft Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mouseSensitivity a
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/hideGUI aA
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/thirdPersonView aB
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showDebugInfo aC
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showDebugProfilerChart aD
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/showLagometer aE
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/lastServer aF
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/smoothCamera aG
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/debugCamEnable aH
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fovSetting aI
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/gammaSetting aJ
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/saturation aK
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/guiScale aL
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/particleSetting aM
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/language aN
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/forceUnicodeFont aO
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/logger aP
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/gson aQ
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/typeListString aR
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/GUISCALES aS
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/PARTICLES aT
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/AMBIENT_OCCLUSIONS aU
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_COMPRESSIONS aV
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_CHAT_MODES aW
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_CHAT_FILTER_MODES aX
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/STREAM_MIC_MODES aY
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/CLOUDS_TYPES aZ
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindBack aa
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindRight ab
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindJump ac
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSneak ad
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSprint ae
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindInventory af
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindUseItem ag
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindDrop ah
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindAttack ai
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindPickBlock aj
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindChat ak
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindPlayerList al
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindCommand am
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindScreenshot an
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindTogglePerspective ao
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSmoothCamera ap
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindFullscreen aq
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindSpectatorOutlines ar
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamStartStop as
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamPauseUnpause at
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamCommercials au
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindStreamToggleMic av
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindsHotbar aw
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/keyBindings ax
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mc ay
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/difficulty az
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/invertMouse b
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setModelParts ba
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/mapSoundLevels bb
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/optionsFile bc
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/renderDistanceChunks c
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/viewBobbing d
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/anaglyph e
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fboEnable f
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/limitFramerate g
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/clouds h
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fancyGraphics i
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/ambientOcclusion j
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/resourcePacks k
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/incompatibleResourcePacks l
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatVisibility m
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatColours n
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatLinks o
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatLinksPrompt p
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/chatOpacity q
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/snooperEnabled r
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/fullScreen s
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/enableVsync t
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/useVbo u
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/allowBlockAlternatives v
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/reducedDebugInfo w
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/hideServerAddress x
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/advancedItemTooltips y
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/pauseOnLostFocus z
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/message a
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/mc b
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/currentlyDisplayedText c
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/systemTime d
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/loadingSuccess e
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/scaledResolution f
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/framebuffer g
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/logger a
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/dateFormat b
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/pixelBuffer c
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/pixelValues d
net/minecraft/util/Timer/ticksPerSecond a
net/minecraft/util/Timer/elapsedTicks b
net/minecraft/util/Timer/renderPartialTicks c
net/minecraft/util/Timer/timerSpeed d
net/minecraft/util/Timer/elapsedPartialTicks e
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastHRTime f
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastSyncSysClock g
net/minecraft/util/Timer/lastSyncHRClock h
net/minecraft/util/Timer/counter i
net/minecraft/util/Timer/timeSyncAdjustment j
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/LEGACY a
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/MOJANG b
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/SESSION_TYPES c
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/sessionType d
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/util/Session/username a
net/minecraft/util/Session/playerID b
net/minecraft/util/Session/token c
net/minecraft/util/Session/sessionType d
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/FONT_HEIGHT a
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/fontRandom b
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/unicodePageLocations c
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/charWidth d
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/glyphWidth e
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/colorCode f
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/locationFontTexture g
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderEngine h
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/posX i
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/posY j
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/unicodeFlag k
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/bidiFlag l
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/red m
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/blue n
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/green o
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/alpha p
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/textColor q
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/randomStyle r
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/boldStyle s
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/italicStyle t
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/underlineStyle u
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/strikethroughStyle v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/field_178904_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleDisplayTime A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleFadeOut B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/playerHealth C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/lastPlayerHealth D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/lastSystemTime E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/healthUpdateCounter F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/prevVignetteBrightness a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/vignetteTexPath f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/widgetsTexPath g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/pumpkinBlurTexPath h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/rand i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/mc j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/itemRenderer k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/persistantChatGUI l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/streamIndicator m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/updateCounter n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordPlaying o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordPlayingUpFor p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/recordIsPlaying q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/remainingHighlightTicks r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/highlightingItemStack s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/overlayDebug t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/spectatorGui u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/overlayPlayerList v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titlesTimer w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayedTitle x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayedSubTitle y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/titleFadeIn z
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/optionsBackground b
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/statIcons c
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/icons d
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/zLevel e
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/field_148244_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapData b
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapTexture c
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/location d
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/mapTextureData e
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/mapIcons a
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/textureManager b
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/loadedMaps c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledWidthD a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledHeightD b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledWidth c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaledHeight d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/scaleFactor e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/buttonTextures a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/width f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/height g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/xPosition h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/yPosition i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/displayString j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/id k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/enabled l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/visible m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/hovered n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/mc f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/sentMessages g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/chatLines h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/drawnChatLines i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/scrollPos j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/isScrolled k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug$1/field_178907_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/mc a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/fontRenderer f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/xPosition a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/yPosition f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/id g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/fontRendererInstance h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/width i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/height j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/text k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/maxStringLength l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/cursorCounter m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/enableBackgroundDrawing n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/canLoseFocus o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isFocused p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isEnabled q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/lineScrollOffset r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/cursorPosition s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/selectionEnd t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/enabledColor u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/disabledColor v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/visible w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/field_175210_x x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/validator y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/isMouseDown o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/sliderPosition p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/name q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/min r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/max s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/responder t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/formatHelper u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146167_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146161_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146162_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146174_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_175204_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/visible j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146173_k k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/centered l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/labelBgEnabled m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146168_n n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146169_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146166_p p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146165_q q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/fontRenderer r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/field_146163_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/field_175216_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/localizationStr p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/guiResponder q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED_HOVER b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/LOCKED_DISABLED c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED_HOVER e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/UNLOCKED_DISABLED f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/field_178914_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/field_178920_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/field_175231_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton/enumOptions o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148325_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148323_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/field_148324_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/field_148184_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry/field_178941_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry/field_178951_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178031_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178029_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178030_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/field_178028_d d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178939_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178937_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/field_178938_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178949_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178947_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178948_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/field_178946_d d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178075_A A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178074_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178073_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178072_w w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178078_x x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178077_y y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/field_178076_z z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/field_175252_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/mc f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/guiIngame g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/footer h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/header i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/lastTimeOpened j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/isBeingRendered k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mc a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/width b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/height c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/top d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/bottom e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/right f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/left g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/slotHeight h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mouseX i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/mouseY j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/field_148163_i k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/initialClickY l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollMultiplier m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/amountScrolled n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/selectedElement o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/lastClicked p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/field_178041_q q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/showSelectionBox r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/hasListHeader s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/headerPadding t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollUpButtonID u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollDownButtonID v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/enabled w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/dragging o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/sliderValue p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/options q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/field_146132_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/field_146131_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/locationStreamIndicator a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/mc b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/streamAlpha c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/streamAlphaDelta d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175269_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175267_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175268_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175270_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/field_175271_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/realmsButton o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/field_178046_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/field_154330_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/selectionList u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/field_178050_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/field_146399_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/parentScreen f
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/game_settings g
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/field_146401_i h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/inputField a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/logger f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/historyBuffer g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/sentHistoryCursor h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/playerNamesFound i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/waitingOnAutocomplete r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/autocompleteIndex s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/foundPlayerNames t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/defaultInputFieldText u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/openLinkWarning r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/copyLinkButtonText s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/linkText t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/showSecurityWarning u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/messageLine1 f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/confirmButtonText g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/cancelButtonText h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/parentButtonClickedId i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/messageLine2 r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/field_175298_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/ticksUntilEnable t
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148231_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148229_b b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/field_148230_c c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/CONNECTION_ID a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/logger f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/networkManager g
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/cancel h
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/previousGuiScreen i
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/SHORTCUTS a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/field_148228_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/field_148227_l v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/createWorldGui a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/theFlatGeneratorInfo f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/flatWorldTitle g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146394_i h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146391_r i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/createFlatWorldListSlotGui r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146389_t s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146388_u t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/field_146386_v u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnGameMode A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMoreOptions B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMapFeatures C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnBonusItems D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnMapType E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnAllowCommands F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/btnCustomizeType G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameModeDesc1 H
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameModeDesc2 I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldSeed J
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldName K
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/selectedIndex L
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/disallowedFilenames M
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/chunkProviderSettingsJson a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/parentScreen f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldNameField g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/worldSeedField h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/saveDirName i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/gameMode r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/savedGameMode s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/generateStructuresEnabled t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/allowCheats u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/allowCheatsWasSetByUser v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/bonusChestEnabled w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/hardCoreMode x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/alreadyGenerated y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/inMoreWorldOptionsDisplay z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178955_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178953_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$Info/field_178954_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/field_178053_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/field_178052_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175315_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175310_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175311_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175316_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175317_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175314_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175313_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/field_175312_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/field_178957_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175338_A A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175339_B B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175340_C C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175332_D D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175334_E E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175336_F F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/random G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175341_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175333_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175335_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175342_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175343_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175349_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175348_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175347_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175346_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175345_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175344_w w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175352_x x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175351_y y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/field_175350_z z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/enableButtonsTimer a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/field_146346_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/field_146348_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146303_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146301_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/field_146302_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/reason a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/message f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/multilineMessage g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/parentScreen h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/field_175353_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/field_181167_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverData f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverIPField g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverNameField h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/serverResourcePacks i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/field_181032_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/field_146313_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/field_146312_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/field_148178_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/langCodeList v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/languageMap w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/list f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/game_settings_3 g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/languageManager h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/forceUnicodeFontBtn i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/confirmSettingsBtn r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions$1/field_146130_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146442_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146440_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_146441_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/game_settings_1 h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_175357_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/field_175356_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/field_146445_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/field_146444_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148234_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_179037_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148232_b c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$LayerItem/field_148233_c d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/field_148175_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/field_148174_l v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/FLAT_WORLD_PRESETS a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/parentScreen f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/presetsTitle g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/presetsShare h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146436_r i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146435_s r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146434_t s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/field_146433_u t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/field_146591_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/field_146589_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/progress g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/doneWorking h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/netHandlerPlayClient a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/progress f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/field_146583_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/saveName g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/PROTOCOLS f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/NEWLINE_SPLITTER g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/selectedButton h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/eventButton i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mc j
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/itemRender k
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/width l
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/height m
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/buttonList n
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/labelList o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/allowUserInput p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/fontRendererObj q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/lastMouseEvent r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/touchValue s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/clickedLinkURI t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/field_148207_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/renameButton A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/recreateButton B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/screenTitle f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/logger g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146633_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146634_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/selectedIndex r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146639_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/availableWorlds t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146637_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146636_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/field_146635_w w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/confirmingDelete x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/deleteButton y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/selectButton z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146598_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146596_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146597_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146599_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/field_146600_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/field_175235_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/playerModelParts p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/title f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/field_148206_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146608_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/game_settings_2 f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146604_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146609_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146610_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146607_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146606_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/field_146605_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146156_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146155_p p
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146154_q q
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146153_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/field_146152_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146507_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146505_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/game_settings_4 g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/field_146508_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/splashTexts A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/minecraftTitleTextures B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/titlePanoramaPaths C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92024_r D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92023_s E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92022_t F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92021_u G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92020_v H
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_92019_w I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/backgroundTexture J
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/realmsButton K
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_183502_L L
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_183503_M M
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_96138_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_175373_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/logger g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/RANDOM h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/updateCounter i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/splashText r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/buttonResetDemo s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/panoramaTimer t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/viewportTexture u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/field_175375_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/threadLock w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarning1 x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarning2 y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/openGLWarningLink z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/screenTitle a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/parentGuiScreen f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/guiGameSettings g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/optionsRowList h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/videoOptions i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/MINECRAFT_LOGO f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/VIGNETTE_TEXTURE g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146581_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146582_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146579_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/field_146578_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementBg a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/mc f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/width g
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/height h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementTitle i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/achievementDescription j
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/theAchievement k
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/notificationTime l
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/renderItem m
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/permanentNotification n
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146559_A A
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146560_B B
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/ACHIEVEMENT_BACKGROUND C
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146554_D D
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/statFileWriter E
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/loadingAchievements F
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146555_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146557_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146563_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146564_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146570_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146569_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146568_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146567_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146566_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146565_w w
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146573_x x
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146572_y y
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/field_146571_z z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/field_148341_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/field_148340_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/field_148221_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/field_148208_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/field_148344_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/field_148343_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/field_148220_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/field_148223_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/field_148222_l v
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148214_q A
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148218_l v
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/statsHolder w
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/statSorter x
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148217_o y
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/field_148215_p z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/parentScreen a
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/screenTitle f
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/generalStats g
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/itemStats h
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/blockStats i
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/mobStats r
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/field_146546_t s
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/displaySlot t
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doesGuiPauseGame u
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter/lanSearchStates c_
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/field_148287_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/labelText b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/labelWidth c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/field_148284_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/keybinding b
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/keyDesc c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/btnChangeKeyBinding d
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/btnReset e
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/field_148191_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/mc v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/listEntries w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/maxListLabelWidth x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/screenTitle a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/buttonId f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/time g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/optionsArr h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/parentScreen i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/options r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/keyBindingList s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/buttonReset t
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStackDestSlot A
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStackTime B
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/returningStack C
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/currentDragTargetSlot D
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragItemDropDelay E
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingLimit F
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingButton G
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/ignoreMouseUp H
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingRemnant I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickTime J
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickSlot K
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/lastClickButton L
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/doubleClick M
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/shiftClickedSlot N
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/inventoryBackground a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/xSize f
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/ySize g
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/inventorySlots h
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/guiLeft i
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/guiTop r
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplittingSlots s
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/dragSplitting t
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/theSlot u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/clickedSlot v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isRightMouseClick w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/draggedStack x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/touchUpX y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/touchUpY z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/anvilResource u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/anvil v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/nameField w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/playerInventory x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$CancelButton/field_146146_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton/field_146147_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146150_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146149_p p
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/field_146148_q q
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146145_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146144_p p
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146143_q q
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/field_146142_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/logger u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/beaconGuiTextures v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/tileBeacon w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/beaconConfirmButton x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/buttonsNotDrawn y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton/field_146151_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/field_175386_A A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/field_175387_B B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonNextPage C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonPreviousPage D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonDone E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonSign F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonFinalize G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/buttonCancel H
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookGuiTextures f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/editingPlayer g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookObj h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookIsUnsigned i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookIsModified r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookGettingSigned s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateCount t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookImageWidth u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookImageHeight v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookTotalPages w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/currPage x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookPages y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/bookTitle z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/brewingStandGuiTextures u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/playerInventory v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/tileBrewingStand w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_146488_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/commandTextField f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/previousOutputTextField g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/localCommandBlock h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/doneBtn i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/cancelBtn r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_175390_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/field_175389_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/CHEST_GUI_TEXTURE u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/upperChestInventory v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/lowerChestInventory w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/inventoryRows x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/craftingTableGuiTextures u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/mc a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/itemList a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/field_148333_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/slot b
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/searchField A
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147063_B B
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147064_C C
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147057_D D
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147059_E E
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/creativeInventoryTabs u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/field_147060_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/selectedTabIndex w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/currentScroll x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/isScrolling y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/wasClicking z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/dispenserInventory u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/dispenserGuiTextures v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/playerInventory w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/hasActivePotionEffects u
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/instance a
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/rand b
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/namePartsArray c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147076_A A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147077_B B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_GUI_TEXTURE C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE_BOOK_TEXTURE D
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/MODEL_BOOK E
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/playerInventory F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/random G
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/container H
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_175380_I I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147073_u u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147071_v v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147069_w w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147082_x x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147081_y y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/field_147080_z z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/furnaceGuiTextures u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/playerInventory v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/tileFurnace w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/HOPPER_GUI_TEXTURE u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/playerInventory v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/hopperInventory w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseGuiTextures u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/playerInventory v
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseInventory w
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/horseEntity x
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/mousePosx y
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/mousePosY z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/oldMouseX u
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/oldMouseY v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant$MerchantButton/field_146157_o o
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/chatComponent A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/logger u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/MERCHANT_GUI_TEXTURE v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/merchant w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/nextButton x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/previousButton y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/selectedMerchantRecipe z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/tileSign a
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/updateCounter f
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/editLine g
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/doneBtn h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/lanServerList A
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/lanServerDetector B
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/initialized C
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/oldServerPinger f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/parentScreen g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/serverListSelector h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/savedServerList i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnEditServer r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnSelectServer s
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/btnDeleteServer t
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/deletingServer u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/addingServer v
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/editingServer w
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/directConnect x
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/hoveringText y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/selectedServer z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mc a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mc a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148291_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148292_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/field_148290_d d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal$1/field_148521_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148302_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/UNKNOWN_SERVER c
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/SERVER_SELECTION_BUTTONS d
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/owner e
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mc f
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/server g
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/serverIcon h
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148299_g i
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148305_h j
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/field_148298_f k
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/owner u
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/serverListInternet v
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/serverListLan w
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/lanScanEntry x
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/selectedSlotIndex y
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/logger a
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/parentScreen f
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/availableResourcePacks g
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/selectedResourcePacks h
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/availableResourcePacksList i
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/selectedResourcePacksList r
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/changed s
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry$1/field_183004_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mc a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/resourcePacksGUI b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/RESOURCE_PACKS_TEXTURE c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183020_d d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183021_e e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/field_183022_f f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/logger c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/field_148320_d d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/resourcePackIcon e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/field_148319_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/mc u
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/field_148204_l v
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/field_152435_k u
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152309_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152310_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/field_152311_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152312_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152316_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/parentScreen g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152318_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152319_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152313_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152314_s s
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/field_152315_t t
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/field_71494_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/field_71496_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/field_71490_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/field_71492_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/field_71486_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/field_71488_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/field_83004_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/logger a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/description b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/cause c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/theReportCategory d
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/crashReportSections e
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/crashReportFile f
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/firstCategoryInCrashReport g
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/stacktrace h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152577_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152578_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$1/field_152579_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/NO_FBO a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/LIBRARY_ARCH_MISMATCH b
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/LIBRARY_FAILURE c
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_WINDOWS d
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_MAC e
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNSUPPORTED_OS_OTHER f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/ACCOUNT_NOT_MIGRATED g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/ACCOUNT_NOT_BOUND h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/FAILED_TWITCH_AUTH_ERROR j
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/INITIALIZATION_FAILURE k
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/UNKNOWN l
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/field_152574_m m
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/field_152575_n n
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152322_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152324_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/parentScreen g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152326_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152327_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/field_152323_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152331_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152335_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152336_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152337_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152338_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152332_r r
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/stream s
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/field_152334_t t
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/profile a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/resourceLocation b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/field_178671_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/field_178666_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/field_178665_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178657_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178655_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178656_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178653_d d
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178654_e e
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178651_f f
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178652_g g
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178659_h h
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178660_i i
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/field_178658_j j
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178684_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178682_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/field_178683_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/field_178674_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/field_178673_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178678_a a
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178676_b b
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178677_c c
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/field_178675_d d
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/field_178672_a a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/width a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/height b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/fullscreen c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$DisplayInformation/checkGlErrors d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/mcDataDir a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/resourcePacksDir b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/assetsDir c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$FolderInformation/assetIndex d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$GameInformation/isDemo a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$GameInformation/version b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$ServerInformation/serverName a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$ServerInformation/serverPort b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/session a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/userProperties b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/profileProperties c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration$UserInformation/proxy d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/userInfo a
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/displayInfo b
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/folderInfo c
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/gameInfo d
net/minecraft/client/main/GameConfiguration/serverInfo e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standRightSide a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standLeftSide b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standWaist c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/standBase d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerSlate a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerStand b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/bannerTop c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batHead a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batBody b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batRightWing c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batLeftWing d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batOuterRightWing e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/batOuterLeftWing f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/blazeSticks a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/blazeHead b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat/boatSides a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/coverRight a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/coverLeft b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/pagesRight c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/pagesLeft d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/flippingPageRight e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/flippingPageLeft f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/bookSpine g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestLid a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestBelow b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/chestKnob c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/head a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/body b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/rightLeg c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/leftLeg d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/rightWing e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/leftWing f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/bill g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/chin h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/head a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/creeperArmor b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/body c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg1 d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg2 e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg3 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/leg4 g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/isCarrying a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/isAttacking b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178716_a a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178714_b b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178715_c c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/field_178713_d d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/body a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/tentacles b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianBody a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianEye b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianSpines c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/guardianTail d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftLeg A
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftShin B
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontLeftHoof C
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightLeg D
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightShin E
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/frontRightHoof F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleLeftChest G
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleRightChest H
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleBottom I
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleFront J
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseSaddleBack K
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftSaddleRope L
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftSaddleMetal M
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightSaddleRope N
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightSaddleMetal O
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftFaceMetal P
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightFaceMetal Q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftRein R
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightRein S
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/head a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/field_178711_b b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/field_178712_c c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseLeftEar d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseRightEar e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleLeftEar f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/muleRightEar g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/neck h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/horseFaceRopes i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/mane j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/body k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailBase l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailMiddle m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/tailTip n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftLeg o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftShin v
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backLeftHoof w
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightLeg x
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightShin y
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/backRightHoof z
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/head b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedHead e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedHeadwear f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedBody g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedRightArm h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedLeftArm i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedRightLeg j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/bipedLeftLeg k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/heldItemLeft l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/heldItemRight m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/isSneak n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/aimedBow o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/segments a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/core b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/field_110723_a a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart/sideModels a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/modelTextureMap a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/swingProgress p
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/isRiding q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/isChild r
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/boxList s
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/textureWidth t
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/textureHeight u
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBackLeftLeg a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBackRightLeg b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotFrontLeftLeg c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotFrontRightLeg d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotTail e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotTail2 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotHead g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/ocelotBody h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/field_78163_i i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedLeftArmwear a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedRightArmwear b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedLeftLegwear c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedRightLegwear d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedBodyWear v
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedCape w
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/bipedDeadmau5Head x
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/smallArms y
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/vertexPositions a
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/nVertices b
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/invertNormal c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/head a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/body b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg1 c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg2 d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg3 e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/leg4 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/childYOffset g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/childZOffset h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftFoot a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightFoot b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftThigh c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightThigh d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitBody e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftArm f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightArm g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitHead h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitRightEar i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitLeftEar j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitTail k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/rabbitNose l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/field_178701_m m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/field_178699_n n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/headRotationAngleX i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/headRotationAngleX i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/signBoard a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/signStick b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishBodyParts a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishWings b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/field_78170_c c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishBoxLength d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/silverfishTexturePositions e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/skeletonHead a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeBodies a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeRightEye b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeLeftEye c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/slimeMouth d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/body a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/bottomBody b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/head c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/rightHand d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/leftHand e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderHead a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderNeck b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderBody c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg1 d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg2 e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg3 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg4 g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg5 h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg6 i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg7 j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/spiderLeg8 k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/squidBody a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/squidTentacles b
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/vector3D a
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/texturePositionX b
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/texturePositionY c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemHead a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemBody b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemRightArm c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemLeftArm d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemLeftLeg e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/ironGolemRightLeg f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerHead a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerBody b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerArms c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/rightVillagerLeg d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/leftVillagerLeg e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/villagerNose f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/field_82900_g g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/field_82901_h h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/witchHat i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/field_82905_a a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/field_82904_b b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfHeadMain a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfBody b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg1 c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg2 d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg3 e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfLeg4 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfTail g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/wolfMane h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/head a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/spine b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/jaw c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/body d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearLeg e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontLeg f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearLegTip g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontLegTip h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/rearFoot i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/frontFoot j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/wing k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/wingTip l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/partialTicks m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/cube a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/glass b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/base c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posX1 a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posY1 b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posZ1 c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posX2 d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posY2 e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/posZ2 f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/boxName g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/vertexPositions h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/quadList i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureWidth a
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureHeight b
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointX c
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointY d
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotationPointZ e
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleX f
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleY g
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/rotateAngleZ h
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/mirror i
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/showModel j
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/isHidden k
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/cubeList l
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/childModels m
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/boxName n
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetX o
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetY p
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/offsetZ q
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureOffsetX r
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/textureOffsetY s
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/compiled t
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/displayList u
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/baseModel v
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset/textureOffsetX a
net/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset/textureOffsetY b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/field_147495_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/field_147494_b b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/logger a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/mc b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/previousGuiScreen c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/networkManager d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/gameProfile e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/field_146300_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/field_146299_f b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/field_178897_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/field_178896_b b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/field_178886_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1/field_175395_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178900_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178898_b b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/field_178899_c c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$4/field_178885_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$4/field_178884_b b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/currentServerMaxPlayers a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/logger b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/netManager c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/profile d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/guiScreenServer e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/gameController f
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/clientWorldController g
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/doneLoadingTerrain h
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/playerInfoMap i
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/field_147308_k j
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/avRandomizer k
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/logger a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/blankChunk b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkMapping c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkListing d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/worldObj e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/mc a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/netClientHandler b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentBlock c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentItemHittingBlock d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/curBlockDamageMP e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/stepSoundTickCounter f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/blockHitDelay g
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isHittingBlock h
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentGameType i
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/currentPlayerItem j
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/field_78833_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/field_78835_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/field_142027_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/field_142029_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/mc I
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/previousActiveChunkSet J
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/sendQueue a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/clientChunkProvider b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/entityList c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/entitySpawnQueue d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$1/field_177224_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$2/field_178875_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/gameProfile a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/gameType b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/responseTime c
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/playerTexturesLoaded d
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/locationSkin e
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/locationCape f
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/skinType g
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/displayName h
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178873_i i
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178870_j j
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178871_k k
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178868_l l
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/field_178869_m m
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/ipAddress a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/serverPort b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/ENABLED a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/DISABLED b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/PROMPT c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/motd d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverName a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverIP b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/populationInfo c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverMOTD d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/pingToServer e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/version f
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/gameVersion g
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/field_78841_f h
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/playerList i
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/resourceMode j
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/serverIcon k
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/lanServer l
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/logger a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/mc b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/servers c
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147404_b a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147406_a b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147405_c c
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_147403_d d
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_183009_e e
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/field_175092_e f
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/field_147220_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147218_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147216_b b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/field_147217_c c
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/PING_RESPONSE_SPLITTER a
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/logger b
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/pingDestinations c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/field_174839_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/materialType a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/bobTimer az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/field_70565_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordY aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordZ aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/coordX az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/baseTextureIndex a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/twinkle aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/field_92047_az aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourRed aC
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourGreen aD
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/fadeColourBlue aE
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/hasFadeColour aF
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/trail az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/twinkle a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/theEffectRenderer aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/fireworkExplosions aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/fireworkAge az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/flameScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/FOOTPRINT_TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/footstepMaxAge aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/currentFootSteps aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/footstepAge az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/particleScaleOverTime a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/EXPLOSION_TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70581_a aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70584_aq aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/theRenderEngine aC
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_70582_as aD
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/field_181549_az az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/timeSinceStart a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/maximumTime az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174840_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/age aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/maxAge aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174841_aA aC
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174842_aB aD
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/field_174843_ax az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/lavaParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/entity a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/noteParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleRed ar
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleGreen as
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleBlue at
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleAlpha au
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleIcon av
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosX aw
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosY ax
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/interpPosZ ay
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureIndexX b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureIndexY c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureJitterX d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleTextureJitterY e
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleAge f
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleMaxAge g
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleScale h
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/particleGravity i
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/field_147214_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/field_147213_b b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/field_147898_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/field_147897_b b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/field_147901_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/field_147900_b b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/field_147904_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/field_147903_b b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/worldObj a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleTextures b
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/fxLayers c
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleEmitters d
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderer e
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/rand f
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/particleTypes g
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/field_70569_a a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosY aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosZ aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/portalPosX az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/reddustParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/smokeParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/snowDigParticleScale a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/RANDOM a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/baseSpellTextureIndex az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/sourceState a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/sourcePos az
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/attachedEntity a
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/lifetime aA
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/particleTypes aB
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/age az
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/playerInfo a
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/moveStrafe a
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/moveForward b
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/jump c
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/sneak d
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions/gameSettings e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendQueue a
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/movementInput b
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/timeInPortal bH
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevTimeInPortal bI
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/statWriter bJ
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosX bK
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosY bL
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPosZ bM
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedYaw bN
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/lastReportedPitch bO
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/serverSneakState bP
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/serverSprintState bQ
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/positionUpdateTicks bR
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/hasValidHealth bS
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/clientBrand bT
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/horseJumpPowerCounter bU
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/horseJumpPower bV
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/mc c
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sprintToggleTimer d
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sprintingTicksLeft e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/renderArmYaw f
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/renderArmPitch g
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevRenderArmYaw h
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/prevRenderArmPitch i
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/isItemInUse a
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPPosRotationIncrements b
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPX c
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPY d
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPZ e
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPYaw f
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/otherPlayerMPPitch g
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/guiID a
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/displayName b
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/guiID a
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/field_174895_b b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/healthScale a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/statusBarTime b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/bossName c
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/hasColorModifier d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/field_181659_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/field_181660_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$2/field_181661_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/field_179021_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/stateRawBuffer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/stateVertexFormat c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/byteBuffer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawIntBuffer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawShortBuffer c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/rawFloatBuffer d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexCount e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormatElement f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormatIndex g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/noColor h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/drawMode i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/xOffset j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/yOffset k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/zOffset l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/vertexFormat m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/isDrawing n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader$1/field_178958_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/DEFAULT_STATE f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/position g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/combinedLights h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/blockStates i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/worldRenderers a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/renderChunks a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/initialized b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityX c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityY d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/viewEntityZ e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/instance a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/field_147717_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/field_147718_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/enderChest d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/banner e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/skull f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/SOUTH_INDEX a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/UP_INDEX b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/EAST_INDEX c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/NORTH_INDEX d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/DOWN_INDEX e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$Constants/WEST_INDEX f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/xIndex a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/yIndex b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation/zIndex c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/facings g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/vertexInfos h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/field_90032_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/field_90025_c a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_181048_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_181049_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/field_90028_b c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/field_181046_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/field_181047_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/bossColorModifierPrev A
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cloudFog B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderHand C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/drawBlockOutline D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/prevFrameTime E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderEndNanoTime F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapTexture G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapColors H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationLightMap I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/lightmapUpdateNeeded J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/torchFlickerX K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/torchFlickerDX L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainSoundCounter M
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainXCoords N
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rainYCoords O
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorBuffer P
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorRed Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorGreen R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColorBlue S
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColor2 T
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fogColor1 U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/debugViewDirection V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/debugView W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraZoom X
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraYaw Y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/cameraPitch Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/anaglyphEnable a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/theShaderGroup aa
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderResourceLocations ab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderIndex ac
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/useShader ad
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/frameCount ae
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/anaglyphField b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/itemRenderer c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/shaderCount d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/logger e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationRainPng f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/locationSnowPng g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mc h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/resourceManager i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/random j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/farPlaneDistance k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/theMapItemRenderer l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/rendererUpdateCount m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/pointedEntity n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mouseFilterXAxis o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/mouseFilterYAxis p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/thirdPersonDistance q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/thirdPersonDistanceTemp r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamYaw s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamPitch t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamFilterX u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamFilterY v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/smoothCamPartialTicks w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fovModifierHand x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/fovModifierHandPrev y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/bossColorModifier z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$1/field_179175_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/alphaTest a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/func b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$AlphaState/ref c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/blend a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/srcFactor b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/dstFactor c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/srcFactorAlpha d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BlendState/dstFactorAlpha e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/capability a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/currentState b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/depth a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/color b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ClearState/field_179204_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/red a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/green b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/blue c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$Color/alpha d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorLogicState/colorLogicOp a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorLogicState/opcode b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/red a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/green b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/blue c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMask/alpha d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/colorMaterial a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/face b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$ColorMaterialState/mode c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$CullState/cullFace a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$CullState/mode b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/depthTest a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/maskEnabled b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$DepthState/depthFunc c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/fog a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/mode b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/density c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/start d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$FogState/end e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/polygonOffsetFill a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/polygonOffsetLine b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/factor c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$PolygonOffsetState/units d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179081_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179079_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilFunc/field_179080_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179078_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179076_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179077_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179074_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$StencilState/field_179075_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/S a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/T b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/R c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/Q d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/textureGen a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/coord b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord/param c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/s a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/t b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/r c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenState/q d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TextureState/texture2DState a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TextureState/textureName b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/alphaState a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/lightingState b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/lightState c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaterialState d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/blendState e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthState f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/fogState g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/cullState h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/polygonOffsetState i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorLogicState j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGenState k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearState l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/stencilState m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/normalizeState n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/activeTextureUnit o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/textureState p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/activeShadeModel q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/rescaleNormalState r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaskState s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorState t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer$1/field_178094_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/RES_MAP_BACKGROUND a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/RES_UNDERWATER_OVERLAY b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/mc c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/itemToRender d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/equippedProgress e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/prevEquippedProgress f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderManager g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/itemRenderer h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/equippedItemSlot i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/simpleShapes a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/simpleShapesCache b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/shapers c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/modelManager d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85101_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85099_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85100_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/field_85098_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$2/field_178037_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/renderChunk a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/facing b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/setFacing c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/counter d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$ContainerLocalRenderInformation/field_178033_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/entityOutlineFramebuffer A
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/entityOutlineShader B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosX C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosY D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosZ E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkX F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkY G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/frustumUpdatePosChunkZ H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityX I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityY J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityZ K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityPitch L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/lastViewEntityYaw M
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderDispatcher N
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderContainer O
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderDistanceChunks P
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntitiesStartupCounter Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesTotal R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesRendered S
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/countEntitiesHidden T
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugFixTerrainFrustum U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugFixedClippingHelper V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugTerrainMatrix W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/debugTerrainFrustumPosition X
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/vboEnabled Y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortX Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderChunkFactory a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortY aa
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/prevRenderSortZ ab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/displayListEntitiesDirty ac
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/logger b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationMoonPhasesPng c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationSunPng d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationCloudsPng e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationEndSkyPng f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/locationForcefieldPng g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/mc h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEngine i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderManager j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/theWorld k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/chunksToUpdate l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderInfos m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setTileEntities n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/viewFrustum o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/starGLCallList p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/glSkyList q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/glSkyList2 r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/vertexBufferFormat s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/starVBO t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/skyVBO u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/sky2VBO v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/cloudTickCounter w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/damagedBlocks x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/mapSoundPositions y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/destroyBlockIcons z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageData a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageWidth b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/imageHeight c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTextureWidth a
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTextureHeight b
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferWidth c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferHeight d
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/useDepth e
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferObject f
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferTexture g
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/depthBuffer h
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferColor i
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferFilter j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/worldRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/vboUploader b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/instance c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/vertexBuffer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/renderGlobal a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/world b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksY c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksX d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/countChunksZ e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/renderChunks f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$1/field_178143_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$2/field_178136_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$3/field_178137_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$4/field_178134_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$5/field_178135_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$6/field_178139_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$7/field_178138_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$8/field_178257_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/bakedModelStore a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/blockStateMapper b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/modelManager c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/blockModelShapes a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/gameSettings b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/blockModelRenderer c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/chestRenderer d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/fluidRenderer e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/atlasSpritesLava a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/atlasSpritesWater b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$1/field_178290_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178276_g g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178288_h h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178289_i i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178286_j j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178287_k k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178284_l l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/field_178285_m m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/VALUES n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/field_178208_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/vertexColorMultiplier b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/vertexBrightness c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178191_g g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178200_h h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178201_i i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/field_178198_j j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/VALUES k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/DOWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/UP b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/NORTH c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/WEST e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/EAST f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_DOWN g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_UP h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_NORTH i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_SOUTH j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_WEST k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/FLIP_EAST l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/field_178229_m m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/vertexData a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/tintIndex b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/face c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$1/field_178234_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/positionFrom a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/positionTo b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/mapFaces c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/partRotation d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/shade e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/FACING_DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/cullFace b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/tintIndex c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/texture d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace/blockFaceUV e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/origin a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/axis b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/angle c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation/rescale d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/uvs a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/rotation b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep/model a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep/modelExt b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/SERIALIZER a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/name b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/textures c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/parent d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/parentLocation e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/LOGGER f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/elements g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/gui3d h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/ambientOcclusion i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/cameraTransforms j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$MissingVariantException/field_178438_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/modelLocation a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/modelRotation b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/uvLock c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/weight d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/name a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/listVariants b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/GSON a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/mapVariants b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour$1/field_178419_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/texture d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery$1/field_178400_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery$1/field_178399_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/SCALE_ROTATION_22_5 a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/SCALE_ROTATION_GENERAL b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$1/field_178390_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/spanFacing a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178387_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178388_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/field_178386_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/UP a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/DOWN b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/LEFT c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/RIGHT d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/facing e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/field_178373_f f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/field_178374_g g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/LAYERS a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/ROTATION_DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/TRANSLATION_DEFAULT b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/SCALE_DEFAULT c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/rotation b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/translation c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/scale d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$1/field_181684_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/NONE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/THIRD_PERSON b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/FIRST_PERSON c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/HEAD d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/GUI e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/GROUND f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/FIXED g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/DEFAULT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181690_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181691_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181692_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181693_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181694_f f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181695_g g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181696_h h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181697_i i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/field_181698_j j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/thirdPerson k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/firstPerson l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/head m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/gui n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/ground o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/fixed p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/mapStateModelLocations b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/blockStateMap a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/setBuiltInBlocks b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/name a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/suffix b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/ignored c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/name a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/suffix c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/ignored d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture/systemTime a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer$TimedBannerTexture/bannerTexture b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/DESIGNS c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/BANNERTEXTURES d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/bannerModel e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/beaconBeam c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/instance a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerX b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerY c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/staticPlayerZ d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderEngine e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/worldObj f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entity g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityYaw h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityPitch i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityX j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityY k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/entityZ l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/mapSpecialRenderers m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/fontRenderer n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/DESTROY_STAGES a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/rendererDispatcher b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureTrappedDouble c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureChristmasDouble d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureNormalDouble e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureTrapped f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureChristmas g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/textureNormal h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/simpleChest i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/largeChest j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/isChristmas k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/TEXTURE_BOOK c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/field_147541_c d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/ENDER_CHEST_TEXTURE c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/field_147521_c d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/blockRenderer c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/SIGN_TEXTURE c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/model d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer$1/field_178458_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/instance c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/SKELETON_TEXTURES d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/WITHER_SKELETON_TEXTURES e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/ZOMBIE_TEXTURES f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/CREEPER_TEXTURES g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/skeletonHead h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/humanoidHead i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/field_147528_b c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/END_SKY_TEXTURE d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/END_PORTAL_TEXTURE e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/field_147527_e f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/PENDING a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/COMPILING b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/UPLOADING c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/DONE d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/REBUILD_CHUNK a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/RESORT_TRANSPARENCY b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/renderChunk a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/lock b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/listFinishRunnables c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/type d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/regionRenderCacheBuilder e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/compiledChunk f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/status g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/finished h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/field_178527_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/field_178526_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/field_178529_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/field_178528_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178534_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178532_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178533_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178530_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/field_178531_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/logger a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/threadFactory b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/listThreadedWorkers c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueChunkUpdates d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueFreeRenderBuilders e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/worldVertexUploader f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/vertexUploader g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/queueChunkUploads h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/renderWorker i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/field_178480_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/field_178479_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178484_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178482_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/field_178483_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/chunkRenderDispatcher b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/regionRenderCacheBuilder c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/DUMMY a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/layersUsed b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/layersStarted c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/empty d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/tileEntities e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setVisibility f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/state g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/baseDisplayList d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/renderChunksUpdated a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/compiledChunk b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/boundingBox c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/world d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/renderGlobal e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/position f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/lockCompileTask g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/lockCompiledChunk h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/compileTask i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setTileEntities j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/index k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/modelviewMatrix l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/vertexBuffers m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/frameIndex n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/needsUpdate o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/mapEnumFacing p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph$1/field_178617_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178616_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178614_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178615_c c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178612_d d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178613_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/field_178611_f f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/COUNT_FACES a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/bitSet b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/instance e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/projectionMatrixBuffer f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/modelviewMatrixBuffer g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/field_78564_h h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/clippingHelper a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/xPosition b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/yPosition c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/zPosition d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/frustum a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/projectionMatrix b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/modelviewMatrix c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/clippingMatrix d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer$1/field_177196_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/TEXTURE_ARMOR_STAND a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/arrowTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/batTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/blazeTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/modelBoat a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/boatTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/caveSpiderTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/chickenTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/cowTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/creeperTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/enderCrystalTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/modelEnderCrystal e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/modelDragon a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonCrystalBeamTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonExplodingTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/enderDragonTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/endermanTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/endermanModel e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/rnd j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/ENDERMITE_TEXTURES a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEngine a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/worldObj b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/livingPlayer c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/pointedEntity d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerViewY e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerViewX f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/options g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosX h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosY i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/viewerPosZ j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/entityRenderMap k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/skinMap l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/playerRenderer m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/textRenderer n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosX o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosY p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderPosZ q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderOutlines r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderShadow s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/debugBoundingBox t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderManager b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowSize c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shadowOpaque d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/experienceOrbTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/scale a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/FISH_PARTICLES a
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/field_111101_a a
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/field_111100_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/ghastTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/ghastShootingTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie$1/field_177197_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/zombieTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/scale e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/field_177115_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_TEXTURE e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_ELDER_TEXTURE j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/GUARDIAN_BEAM_TEXTURE k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/field_110852_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/whiteHorseTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/muleTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/donkeyTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/zombieHorseTextures l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/skeletonHorseTextures m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/modelBipedMain a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/field_77070_b e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/DEFAULT_RES_LOC j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/itemRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/field_177079_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mapBackgroundTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mc e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/itemFrameModel f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/mapModel g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/itemRenderer h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/field_147929_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/field_147928_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/field_147926_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/field_147925_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/field_147935_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/field_147934_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/field_147932_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/field_147931_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$5/field_178117_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$6/field_178118_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$7/field_178115_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$8/field_178116_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$9/field_178114_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/zLevel a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/RES_ITEM_GLINT b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/notRenderingEffectsInGUI c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/itemModelMesher d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/textureManager e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/magmaCubeTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/leashKnotTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/leashKnotModel e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity$1/field_178679_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/logger a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/textureBrightness e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/mainModel f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/brightnessBuffer g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/layerRenderers h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderOutlines i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/modelMinecart a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/minecartTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/mooshroomTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/blackOcelotTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/ocelotTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/redOcelotTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/siameseOcelotTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/KRISTOFFER_PAINTING_TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/pigTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie$1/field_177198_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/ZOMBIE_PIGMAN_TEXTURE j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/BROWN a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/WHITE e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/BLACK j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/GOLD k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/SALT l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/WHITE_SPLOTCHED m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/TOAST n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/CAERBANNOG o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/shearedSheepTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/silverfishTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton$1/field_177199_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/skeletonTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/witherSkeletonTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/slimeTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/snowManTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/spiderTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/squidTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/field_177084_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/field_177083_e e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/ironGolemTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/villagerTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/farmerVillagerTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/librarianVillagerTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/priestVillagerTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/smithVillagerTextures l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/butcherVillagerTextures m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/witchTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/invulnerableWitherTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/witherTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/invulnerableWitherTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/witherTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/skeletonHeadModel f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/wolfTextures a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/tamedWolfTextures e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/anrgyWolfTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie$1/field_177200_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieTextures j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieVillagerTextures k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_82434_o l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/zombieVillagerModel m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_177121_n n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/field_177122_o o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase$1/field_178747_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/ENCHANTED_ITEM_GLINT_RES b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/modelLeggings c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/modelArmor d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/alpha e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorR f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorG g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/colorB h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/skipRenderGlint i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/ARMOR_TEXTURE_RES_MAP j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/field_177168_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/playerRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/endermanRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/LIGHTNING_TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/creeperRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/creeperModel c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/field_177209_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/playerRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/dragonRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/RES_ENDERMAN_EYES a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/endermanRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/livingEntityRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/mooshroomRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/pigRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/pigModel c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/TEXTURE a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/sheepRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/sheepModel c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/slimeRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/slimeModel b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/snowManRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/SPIDER_EYES a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/spiderRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/ironGolemRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/witchRenderer a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/WITHER_ARMOR a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/witherRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/witherModel c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/WOLF_COLLAR a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/wolfRenderer b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/smallArms a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148118_a a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148116_b b
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148117_c c
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148114_d d
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148115_e e
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148112_f f
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148113_g g
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/field_148119_h h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/logger a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/defaultShaderUniform b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/staticShaderManager c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/currentProgram d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/field_148000_e e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderSamplers f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/samplerNames g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderSamplerLocations h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderUniforms i
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/shaderUniformLocations j
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/mappedShaderUniforms k
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/program l
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/programFilename m
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/useFaceCulling n
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/isDirty o
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/field_148016_p p
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/attribLocations q
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/attributes r
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/vertexShaderLoader s
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/fragmentShaderLoader t
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebuffer a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/resourceManager b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/shaderGroupName c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/listShaders d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mapFramebuffers e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/listFramebuffers f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/projectionMatrix g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebufferWidth h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/mainFramebufferHeight i
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/field_148036_j j
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/field_148037_k k
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/framebufferIn a
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/framebufferOut b
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/manager c
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxFramebuffers d
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxNames e
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxWidths f
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/listAuxHeights g
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/projectionMatrix h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/VERTEX a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/FRAGMENT b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderName c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderExtension d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/shaderMode e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/loadedShaders f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderType a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderFilename b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shader c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/shaderAttachCount d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/logger a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/staticShaderLinkHelper b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/logger a
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformLocation b
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformCount c
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformType d
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformIntBuffer e
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uniformFloatBuffer f
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/shaderName g
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/dirty h
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/shaderManager i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/glTextureId a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/blur b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/mipmap c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/blurLast d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/mipmapLast e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/dynamicTextureData f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/width g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/height h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData$1/field_110932_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/logger g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/threadDownloadCounter h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/cacheFile i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageUrl j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageBuffer k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/bufferedImage l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/imageThread m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/textureUploaded n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/LOG f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/textureLocation g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/field_174949_h h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/field_174950_i i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/layeredTextureNames f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/logger g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/textureLocation f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/logger g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/theTexture a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/width b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/height c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/mipmapLevelHolder d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/rotated e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/scaleFactor f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/originX a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/originY b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/width c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/height d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/subSlots e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/holder f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/mipmapLevelStitcher a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/setStitchHolders b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/stitchSlots c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/currentWidth d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/currentHeight e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxWidth f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxHeight g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/forcePowerOf2 h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/maxTileDimension i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/StitcherException/holder a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/field_147980_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/field_147979_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/field_147977_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/field_147976_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/field_147974_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/field_147973_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/LOCATION_MISSING_TEXTURE f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/locationBlocksTexture g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/logger h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/listAnimatedSprites i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mapRegisteredSprites j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mapUploadedSprites k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/basePath l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/iconCreator m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/mipmapLevels n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/missingImage o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/field_147983_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/field_147982_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/framesTextureData a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/interpolatedFrameData b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/rotated c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/originX d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/originY e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/width f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/height g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/frameCounter h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/tickCounter i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/iconName j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/animationMetadata k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/minU l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/maxU m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/minV n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/maxV o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/locationNameClock p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/locationNameCompass q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/field_135062_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/field_135061_b b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/logger a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/mapTextureObjects b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/listTickables c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/mapTextureCounters d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/theResourceManager e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/missingTexture a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/missingTextureData b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/logger c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/dataBuffer d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/mipmapBuffer e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/currentAngle j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/angleDelta k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/currentAngle j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/angleDelta k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/locationSprite l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/BLOCK a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/ITEM b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/OLDMODEL_POSITION_TEX_NORMAL c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/PARTICLE_POSITION_TEX_COLOR_LMAP d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_COLOR f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_NORMAL h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_COLOR i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_LMAP_COLOR k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/POSITION_3F m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/COLOR_4UB n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/TEX_2F o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/TEX_2S p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/NORMAL_3B q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/DefaultVertexFormats/PADDING_1B r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/glBufferId a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/vertexFormat b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/count c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat$1/field_177382_a a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/elements b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/offsets c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/nextOffset d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/colorElementOffset e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/uvOffsetsById f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/normalElementOffset g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/FLOAT a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/UBYTE b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/BYTE c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/USHORT d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/SHORT e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/UINT f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/INT g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/size h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/displayName i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/glConstant j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/POSITION a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/NORMAL b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/COLOR c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/UV d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/MATRIX e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/BLEND_WEIGHT f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/PADDING g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/displayName h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/$VALUES i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/type b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/usage c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/index d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/elementCount e
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourcePackFile a
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourceLog b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/logger a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/resourceMap b
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/TEXTURE_STEVE a
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/TEXTURE_ALEX b
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/defaultResourceDomains a
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/mapAssets b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/inputStream a
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/message b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/isClosed c
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/resourcePacks a
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/logger b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/frmMetadataSerializer c
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/entryNameSplitter b
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/resourcePackZipFile c
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener/LOC_FOLIAGE_PNG a
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener/LOC_GRASS_PNG a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_177324_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_177323_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/field_148523_a c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177327_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177325_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/field_177326_c c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/field_110525_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/resourcePackFile b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/reResourcePack c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/rePackMetadataSection d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/texturePackIcon e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/locationTexturePackIcon f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/rprDefaultResourcePack a
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/rprMetadataSerializer b
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/logger c
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/resourcePackFilter d
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/dirResourcepacks e
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/dirServerResourcepacks f
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/resourcePackInstance g
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/lock h
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/downloadingPacks i
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/repositoryEntriesAll j
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/repositoryEntries k
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/field_130076_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/logger a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/joinerResourcePacks b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/domainResourceManagers c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadListeners d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/setResourceDomains e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/rmMetadataSerializer f
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mapMetadataSections a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/resourcePackName b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/srResourceLocation c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/resourceInputStream d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaInputStream e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/srMetadataSerializer f
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaJsonChecked g
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/mcmetaJson h
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/field_152787_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152635_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152636_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152637_c c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152638_d d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_177249_e e
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/field_152639_e f
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/field_152803_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/field_152804_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152799_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152800_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152801_c c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/field_152802_d d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/THREAD_POOL a
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/textureManager b
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/skinCacheDir c
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/sessionService d
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/skinCacheLoader e
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/i18nLocale a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/languageCode a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/region b
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/name c
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/bidirectional d
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/currentLocale a
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/logger b
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/theMetadataSerializer c
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/currentLanguage d
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/languageMap e
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/properties a
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/splitter b
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/pattern c
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/unicode d
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/section a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/clazz b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer$Registration/field_110501_c c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/metadataSectionSerializerRegistry a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/gsonBuilder b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/gson c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/frameIndex a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/frameTime b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/animationFrames a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameWidth b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameHeight c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameTime d
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/interpolate e
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charWidths a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charLefts b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection/charSpacings c
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection/languages a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/packDescription a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/packFormat b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/textureBlur a
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/textureClamp b
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/listMipmaps c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y0 a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y90 b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y180 c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X0_Y270 d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y0 e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y90 f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y180 g
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X90_Y270 h
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y0 i
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y90 j
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y180 k
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X180_Y270 l
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y0 m
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y90 n
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y180 o
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/X270_Y270 p
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/mapRotations q
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/combinedXY r
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/matrix4d s
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/quartersX t
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/quartersY u
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/$VALUES v
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/cameraTransforms a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/field_177506_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/field_177061_a a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/field_177060_b b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_MISSING a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/LOCATIONS_BUILTIN_TEXTURES b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/LOGGER c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/BUILT_IN_MODELS d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/JOINER e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/resourceManager f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/sprites g
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/models h
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/variants i
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/textureMap j
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/blockModelShapes k
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/faceBakery l
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/itemModelGenerator m
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakedRegistry n
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_GENERATED o
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_COMPASS p
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_CLOCK q
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/MODEL_ENTITY r
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/itemLocations s
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/blockDefinitions t
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/variantNames u
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/modelRegistry a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/texMap b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/modelProvider c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/defaultModel d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/variant c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderGeneralQuads a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderFaceQuads b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderAmbientOcclusion c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderTexture d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderGui3d e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/builderCameraTransforms f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/generalQuads a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/faceQuads b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/ambientOcclusion c
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/gui3d d
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/texture e
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/cameraTransforms f
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/listItems a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/model b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/totalWeight a
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/models b
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/baseModel c
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/positionedSoundLocation a
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/volume b
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/pitch c
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/xPosF d
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/yPosF e
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/zPosF f
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/repeat g
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/repeatDelay h
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/attenuationType i
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound/donePlaying j
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound/guardian k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/minecart k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/distance l
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/player k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/minecart l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MASTER a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MUSIC b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/RECORDS c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/WEATHER d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/BLOCKS e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/MOBS f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/ANIMALS g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/PLAYERS h
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/AMBIENT i
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/NAME_CATEGORY_MAP j
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/ID_CATEGORY_MAP k
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/categoryName l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/categoryId m
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/$VALUES n
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/FILE a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/SOUND_EVENT b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/field_148583_c c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/name a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/volume b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/pitch c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/weight d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/type e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/streaming f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/soundList a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/replaceExisting b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/category c
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/NONE a
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/LINEAR b
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/type c
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/hostPlayerData f
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/field_76974_a a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/field_76972_a a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$3/field_177494_a a
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/logger k
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/mc l
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/theWorldSettings m
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isGamePaused n
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isPublic o
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/lanServerPing p
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/lanServerMotd a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/lanServerIpPort b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/timeLastSeen c
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/localServerList a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/broadcastAddress b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/socket c
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/wasUpdated a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/listOfLanServers b
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/field_148551_a a
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/logger b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/field_148658_a a
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/logger b
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/motd c
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/socket d
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/isStopping e
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/address f
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/MENU a
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/GAME b
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/CREATIVE c
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/CREDITS d
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/NETHER e
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/END_BOSS f
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/END g
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/musicLocation h
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/minDelay i
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/maxDelay j
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/rand a
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/mc b
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/currentMusic c
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/timeUntilNextMusic d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/location a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/streamingSound b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/pitch c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/volume d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/field_177950_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1/field_148631_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/field_148593_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2/field_148592_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread/field_148591_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/LOG_MARKER a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/logger b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/sndHandler c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/options d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/sndSystem e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/loaded f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playTime g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSounds h
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/invPlayingSounds i
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSoundPoolEntries j
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/categorySounds k
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/tickableSounds l
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/delayedSounds m
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playingSoundsStopTime n
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/soundPool a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/rnd b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/soundLocation c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/category d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/eventPitch e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/eventVolume f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148726_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148724_b b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148725_c c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/field_148723_d d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$3/field_148765_a a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/missing_sound a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/logger b
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/GSON c
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/TYPE d
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/sndRegistry e
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/sndManager f
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/mcResourceManager g
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/soundRegistry a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/entry a
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/weight b
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/field_152811_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/name b
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/description c
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/payload d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/field_177945_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$2/field_177772_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$3/field_177773_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Uninitialized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Initialized b
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Authenticating c
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Authenticated d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/LoggingIn e
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/LoggedIn f
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/FindingIngestServer g
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/ReceivedIngestServers h
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/ReadyToBroadcast i
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Starting j
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Broadcasting k
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Stopping l
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/Paused m
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/IngestTesting n
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/$VALUES o
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestServTester A
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamCallback B
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_177949_C C
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logger D
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152862_C E
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/lastError F
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/errorCode G
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152865_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152866_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/broadcastListener c
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152868_d d
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152869_e e
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152870_f f
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152871_g g
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamCore h
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/theStream i
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152874_j j
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152875_k k
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152876_l l
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152877_m m
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152878_n n
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/broadcastState o
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152880_p p
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/videoParamaters q
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/audioParamaters r
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestList s
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/ingestServ t
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/authenticationToken u
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/channelInfo v
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/userInfo w
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/streamInfo x
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/archivingState y
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/field_152890_z z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/field_176000_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175976_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175974_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$2/field_175975_c c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Created a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Connecting b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Connected c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Disconnecting d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/Disconnected e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176048_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176046_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176047_c c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176044_d d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176045_e e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176042_f f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176043_g g
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/field_176049_h h
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Uninitialized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Initializing b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/Initialized c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/ShuttingDown d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/None a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/Url b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/TextureAtlas c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153003_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153004_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153006_d c
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153007_e d
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175992_e e
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153008_f f
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153011_i g
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153012_j h
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175998_i i
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_153015_m j
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175997_k k
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175995_l l
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175996_m m
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175993_n n
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175994_o o
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/field_175999_p p
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/LOGGER q
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/field_176010_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$2/field_176001_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$3/field_176003_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$3/field_176002_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Uninitalized a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Starting b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/ConnectingToServer c
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/TestingServer d
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/DoneTestingServer e
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Finished f
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Cancelling g
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Cancelled h
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/Failed i
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176005_A A
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176006_B B
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153044_b a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153045_c b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153046_d c
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153047_e d
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153048_f e
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153049_g f
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153050_h g
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153051_i h
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153052_j i
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/audioParameters j
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153054_l k
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153055_m l
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153056_n m
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153057_o n
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153058_p o
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153059_q p
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153060_r q
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153061_s r
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153062_t s
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153063_u t
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153064_v u
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153065_w v
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_153066_x w
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176009_x x
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176008_y y
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/field_176007_z z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/ERROR a
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/INVALID_TOKEN b
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1$1/field_153082_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/field_153083_a a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/field_153084_b b
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/STREAM_MARKER a
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/LOGGER b
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/broadcastController c
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/chatController d
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_176029_e e
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/mc f
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/twitchComponent g
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152955_g h
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/framebuffer i
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152957_i j
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/targetFPS k
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152959_k l
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152960_l m
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/loggedIn n
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152962_n o
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152963_o p
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/authFailureReason q
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/field_152965_q r
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/field_152938_a a
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/x a
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/y b
net/minecraft/util/Vector3d/z c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE1_RGB A
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE2_RGB B
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND0_RGB C
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND1_RGB D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND2_RGB E
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE_ALPHA F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE0_ALPHA G
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE1_ALPHA H
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE2_ALPHA I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND0_ALPHA J
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND1_ALPHA K
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_OPERAND2_ALPHA L
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/extBlendFuncSeparate M
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/openGL21 N
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/shadersSupported O
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/vboSupported P
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/vboSupportedAti Q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_ARRAY_BUFFER R
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_STATIC_DRAW S
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/framebufferType T
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/shadersAvailable U
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbShaders V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbMultitexture W
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbTextureEnvCombine X
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/openGL14 Y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/logText Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/nvidia a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/cpu aa
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/arbVbo ab
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/ati b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAMEBUFFER c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_RENDERBUFFER d
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0 e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT f
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAMEBUFFER_COMPLETE g
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_ATTACHMENT h
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_MISS_ATTACH i
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_DRAW_BUFFER j
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FB_INCOMPLETE_READ_BUFFER k
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/framebufferSupported l
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_LINK_STATUS m
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMPILE_STATUS n
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_VERTEX_SHADER o
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_FRAGMENT_SHADER p
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/defaultTexUnit q
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/lightmapTexUnit r
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_TEXTURE2 s
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE t
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_INTERPOLATE u
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_PRIMARY_COLOR v
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_CONSTANT w
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_PREVIOUS x
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_COMBINE_RGB y
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/GL_SOURCE0_RGB z
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/command/CommandException/errorObjects a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/field_85080_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/field_147151_b b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/field_85063_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/field_175749_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/field_175754_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/field_175752_a a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/key a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/value b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/crashReport a
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/name b
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/children c
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/stackTrace d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/field_179310_a a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/lastReturned b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/field_179307_a a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/field_179306_b b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/field_179315_a a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/theBlockPos b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/field_179312_a a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/field_179311_b b
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/x c
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/y d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/z e
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/ORIGIN a
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_X_BITS c
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_Z_BITS d
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/NUM_Y_BITS e
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Y_SHIFT f
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/X_SHIFT g
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/X_MASK h
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Y_MASK i
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/Z_MASK j
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/worldObj a
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/pos b
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/index a
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/iterables b
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/iterators c
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/results d
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/clazz a
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/iterables b
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/defaultValueKey d
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/defaultValue e
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted/defaultObject a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179515_a a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179513_b b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$1/field_179514_c c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/X a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/Y b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/Z c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/NAME_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/name e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/plane f
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/POSITIVE a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/NEGATIVE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/offset c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/description d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/HORIZONTAL a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/VERTICAL b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/DOWN a
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/UP b
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/NORTH c
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/SOUTH d
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/WEST e
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/EAST f
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/index g
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/opposite h
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/horizontalIndex i
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/name j
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/axis k
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/axisDirection l
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/directionVec m
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/VALUES n
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/HORIZONTALS o
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/NAME_LOOKUP p
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/$VALUES q
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem/itemDispenseBehaviorProvider a
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/identityMap a
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/objectList b
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/underlyingIntegerMap a
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/inverseObjectRegistry b
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FLAME A
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/LAVA B
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FOOTSTEP C
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CLOUD D
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/REDSTONE E
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SNOWBALL F
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SNOW_SHOVEL G
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SLIME H
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/HEART I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BARRIER J
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ITEM_CRACK K
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BLOCK_CRACK L
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/BLOCK_DUST M
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_DROP N
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ITEM_TAKE O
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/MOB_APPEARANCE P
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/particleName Q
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/particleID R
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/shouldIgnoreRange S
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/argumentCount T
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PARTICLES U
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PARTICLE_NAMES V
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/$VALUES W
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_NORMAL a
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_LARGE b
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/EXPLOSION_HUGE c
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/FIREWORKS_SPARK d
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_BUBBLE e
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_SPLASH f
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/WATER_WAKE g
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SUSPENDED h
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SUSPENDED_DEPTH i
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CRIT j
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/CRIT_MAGIC k
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SMOKE_NORMAL l
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SMOKE_LARGE m
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL n
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_INSTANT o
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_MOB p
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_MOB_AMBIENT q
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/SPELL_WITCH r
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/DRIP_WATER s
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/DRIP_LAVA t
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/VILLAGER_ANGRY u
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/VILLAGER_HAPPY v
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/TOWN_AURA w
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/NOTE x
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/PORTAL y
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/ENCHANTMENT_TABLE z
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/x a
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/y b
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/z c
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/x a
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/y b
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/z c
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/logger a
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/registryObjects c
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/x a
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/NULL_VECTOR b
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/y c
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/z d
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/localizedName a
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/fallbackTranslator b
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/numericVariablePattern a
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/equalSignSplitter b
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/instance c
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/languageList d
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/lastUpdateTimeInMilliseconds e
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/field_82585_a a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/field_82584_b b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/field_82588_a a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/field_82587_b b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/tagMap b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/intArray b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/LOGGER b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagList c
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagType d
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/INFINITE a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/max b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/read c
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/data b
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/theReportedExceptionCrashReport a
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/data b
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/NBT_TYPES a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any/json a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Compound/field_150491_b b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$List/field_150492_b b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/jsonValue b
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/DOUBLE c
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/FLOAT d
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/BYTE e
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/LONG f
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/SHORT g
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/INTEGER h
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/DOUBLE_UNTYPED i
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/SPLITTER j
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/logger a
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/field_179273_b b
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/cipher a
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/field_150505_b b
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/field_150506_c c
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decryptionCodec a
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encryptionCodec a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/inflater a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/treshold b
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/buffer a
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/deflater b
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/treshold c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181130_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181131_b b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181132_c c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181133_d d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/field_181134_e e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$5/field_179248_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$6/field_181135_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/packet a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/futureListeners b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logMarkerNetwork a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logMarkerPackets b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/attrKeyConnectionState c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_NIO_EVENTLOOP d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/CLIENT_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP f
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/logger g
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/direction h
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/outboundPacketsQueue i
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/readWriteLock j
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channel k
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/socketAddress l
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/packetListener m
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/terminationReason n
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isEncrypted o
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/disconnected p
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/HANDSHAKING a
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/PLAY b
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATUS c
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/LOGIN d
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/field_181136_e e
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/field_181137_f f
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATES_BY_ID g
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/STATES_BY_CLASS h
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/id i
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/directionMaps j
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/buf a
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/logger a
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER b
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/direction c
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/logger a
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/RECEIVED_PACKET_MARKER b
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/direction c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/siblings a
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/style b
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/OPEN_URL a
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/OPEN_FILE b
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/RUN_COMMAND c
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/TWITCH_USER_INFO d
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/SUGGEST_COMMAND e
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/CHANGE_PAGE f
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/nameMapping g
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/allowedInChat h
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/canonicalName i
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/action a
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/value b
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/GSON a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_TEXT a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ACHIEVEMENT b
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ITEM c
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/SHOW_ENTITY d
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/nameMapping e
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/allowedInChat f
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/canonicalName g
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/action a
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/value b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/name b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/objective c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/value d
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/selector b
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/parentStyle a
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/color b
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/bold c
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/italic d
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/underlined e
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/strikethrough f
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/obfuscated g
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/chatClickEvent h
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/chatHoverEvent i
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/insertion j
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/rootStyle k
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/allowedCharactersArray a
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/text b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/children b
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/stringVariablePattern c
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/key d
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/formatArgs e
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/syncLock f
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/lastTranslationUpdateTimeInMilliseconds g
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/SERVERBOUND a
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/CLIENTBOUND b
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/field_180030_a a
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/field_180029_b b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/X a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Y b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Z c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/Y_ROT d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/X_ROT e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/field_180058_f f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/x a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/y b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/z c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/yaw d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/pitch e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/field_179835_f f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/x b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/y c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/z d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedX e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedY f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/speedZ g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/pitch h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/yaw i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/type j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/field_149020_k k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/entityID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posX b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/posZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/xpValue e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/x b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/y c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/z d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/type e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/type b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/x c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/y d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/z e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityX f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityY g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/velocityZ h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/yaw i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/pitch j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/headPitch k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/field_149043_l l
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/watcher m
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/entityID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/position b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/facing c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/title d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/playerId b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/x c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/y d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/z e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/yaw f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/pitch g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/currentItem h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/watcher i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/field_148958_j j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/type b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/field_148976_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/breakerId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/position b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/progress c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/blockPos a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/metadata b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/nbt c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/blockPosition a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/instrument b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/pitch c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/block d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/blockPosition a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/blockState b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/difficulty a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/difficultyLocked b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/matches a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/chatComponent a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/type b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/field_180093_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/chunkPosCrammed b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/blockState c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/chunkPosCoord a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/changedBlocks b
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/LINUX a
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/SOLARIS b
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/WINDOWS c
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/OSX d
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/UNKNOWN e
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/actionNumber b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/field_148893_c c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/inventoryType b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/windowTitle c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/slotCount d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/entityId e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/itemStacks b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/varIndex b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/varValue c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/slot b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/item c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/channel a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/data b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/reason a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/logicOpcode b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/tagCompound b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posX a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posY b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/posZ c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/strength d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/affectedBlockPositions e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149152_f f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149153_g g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/field_149159_h h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/threshold a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/MESSAGE_NAMES a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/state b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/field_149141_c c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/id a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted/data a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted/dataSize b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/chunkX a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/chunkZ b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/extractedData c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/field_149279_g d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/xPositions a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/zPositions b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/chunksData c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/isOverworld d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundType a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundPos b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/soundData c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/serverWide d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleType a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/xCoord b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/yCoord c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/zCoord d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/xOffset e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/yOffset f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/zOffset g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleSpeed h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleCount i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/longDistance j
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/particleArguments k
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundName a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posX b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/posZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundVolume e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/soundPitch f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/hardcoreMode b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/gameType c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/dimension d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/difficulty e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/maxPlayers f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/worldType g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/reducedDebugInfo h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapScale b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapVisiblePlayersVec4b c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMinX d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMinY e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMaxX f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapMaxY g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/mapDataBytes h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posX b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/posZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/yaw e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/pitch f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/onGround g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/field_149069_g h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/signPosition a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/invulnerable a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/flying b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/allowFlying c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/creativeMode d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/flySpeed e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/walkSpeed f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$1/field_179944_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/ENTER_COMBAT a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/END_COMBAT b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/ENTITY_DIED c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/eventType a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179774_b b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179775_c c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/field_179772_d d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/deathMessage e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$1/field_179938_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/ADD_PLAYER a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_GAME_MODE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_LATENCY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/UPDATE_DISPLAY_NAME d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/REMOVE_PLAYER e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/field_179968_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/ping b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/gamemode c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/profile d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/displayName e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/action a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/players b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/playerID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/bedPos b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/entityIDs a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/effectId b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/url a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/hash b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/dimensionID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/difficulty b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/gameType c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/worldType d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/yaw b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$1/field_179947_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_SIZE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/LERP_SIZE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_CENTER c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/INITIALIZE d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_WARNING_TIME e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/SET_WARNING_BLOCKS f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/action a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/size b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/centerX c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/centerZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/targetSize e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/diameter f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/timeUntilTarget g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/warningTime h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/warningDistance i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/heldItemHotbarIndex a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/position a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/scoreName b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/field_149378_b b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/leash a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/entityId b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/vehicleEntityId c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/entityID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionX b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/motionZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/entityID a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/equipmentSlot b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/itemStack c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/field_149401_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/totalExperience b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/level c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/health a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/foodLevel b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/saturationLevel c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/objectiveName a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/objectiveValue b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/type c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/field_149342_c d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/name a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/displayName b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/prefix c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/suffix d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/nameTagVisibility e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/color f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/players g
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/action h
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/friendlyFlags i
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/CHANGE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/REMOVE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/$VALUES c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/name a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/objective b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/value c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/action d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/spawnBlockPos a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/totalWorldTime a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/worldTime b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/TITLE a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/SUBTITLE b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/TIMES c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/CLEAR d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/RESET e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/$VALUES f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/type a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/message b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/fadeInTime c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/displayTime d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/fadeOutTime e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/world a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/blockPos b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/lines c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/header a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/footer b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/collectedItemEntityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/entityId b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posX b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posY c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/posZ d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/yaw e
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/pitch f
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/onGround g
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179633_a a
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179631_b b
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/field_179632_c c
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/theAdmin a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151414_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151412_b b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151413_c c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/field_151411_d d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/field_149444_b b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/effectId b
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/amplifier c
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/duration d
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/hideParticles e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/message a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/targetBlock b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/message a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/PERFORM_RESPAWN a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/REQUEST_STATS b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/OPEN_INVENTORY_ACHIEVEMENT c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/status a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/lang a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/view b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/chatVisibility c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/enableColors d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/modelPartFlags e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/uid b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/accepted c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/button b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/slotId b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/usedButton c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/actionNumber d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/clickedItem e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/mode f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/windowId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/channel a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/data b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/INTERACT a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/ATTACK b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/INTERACT_AT c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/entityId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/action b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/hitVec c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/key a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/x a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/y b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/z c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/yaw d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/pitch e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/onGround f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/moving g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/rotating h
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/invulnerable a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/flying b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/allowFlying c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/creativeMode d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/flySpeed e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/walkSpeed f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/START_DESTROY_BLOCK a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/ABORT_DESTROY_BLOCK b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/STOP_DESTROY_BLOCK c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/DROP_ALL_ITEMS d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/DROP_ITEM e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/RELEASE_USE_ITEM f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/position a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/facing b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/status c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/START_SNEAKING a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SNEAKING b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SLEEPING c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/START_SPRINTING d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/STOP_SPRINTING e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/RIDING_JUMP f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/OPEN_INVENTORY g
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/entityID a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/action b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/auxData c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/strafeSpeed a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/forwardSpeed b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/jumping c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/sneaking d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/SUCCESSFULLY_LOADED a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/DECLINED b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/FAILED_DOWNLOAD c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/ACCEPTED d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/$VALUES e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/hash a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/status b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/slotId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/slotId a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/stack b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/pos a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/lines b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/id a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/logger a
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/commandMap b
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/commandSet c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/field_179726_a a
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/position b
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/placedBlockDirection c
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/stack d
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingX e
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingY f
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/facingZ g
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/protocolVersion a
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/ip b
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/port c
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/requestedState d
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/profile a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/hashedServerId a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/publicKey b
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/verifyToken c
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/compressionTreshold a
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/reason a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/profile a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/secretKeyEncrypted a
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/verifyTokenEncrypted b
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/clientTime a
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/GSON a
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/response b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/maxPlayers a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/onlinePlayerCount b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/players c
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/name a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/protocol b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/serverMotd a
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/playerCount b
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/protocolVersion c
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/favicon d
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/clientTime a
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/resourceDomain a
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/resourcePath b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/field_150836_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/field_150837_c c
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12/field_150843_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/field_150842_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$2/field_150841_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$3/field_150840_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/field_150839_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/field_150838_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/field_179240_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/field_179241_b b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/SYSOUT a
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/alreadyRegistered b
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/LOGGER c
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/field_151376_a a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/field_151375_b b
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/field_151383_a a
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/exceptionMessage b
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommand/command a
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommand/sender b
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/LOG a
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/eulaFile b
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/acceptedEULA c
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/domain b
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException/INSTANCE a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/scoreboardMCServer a
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/field_96553_b b
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/scoreboardSaveData c
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/serverProperties b
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/serverPropertiesFile c
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/LOGGER f
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$1/field_72451_a a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$2/field_72428_a a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/field_71743_a a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/field_85171_a a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/logger k
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/pendingCommandList l
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/theRConThreadQuery m
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/theRConThreadMain n
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/settings o
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/eula p
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/canSpawnStructures q
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/gameType r
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/guiIsEnabled s
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog$1/field_180252_a a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/server b
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/maxTickTime c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$1/field_120023_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/field_120025_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/field_120024_b b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$3/field_120032_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164252_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164250_b b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/field_164251_c c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164256_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164254_b b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164255_c c
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/field_164253_d d
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/serverGuiFont a
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/LOGGER b
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/server c
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/server a
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/ticks b
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent$1/field_120030_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120040_a a
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120038_b b
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120039_c c
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/field_120036_d d
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/server e
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/miningPlayerEntId a
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/position b
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/partialBlockProgress c
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/createdAtCloudUpdateTick d
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer/demoWorldSeed I
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldServer/demoWorldSettings a
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73105_c c
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/demoTimeExpired d
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73104_e e
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/field_73102_f f
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/field_177698_a a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/delegate a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/field_96570_a a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/field_96569_b b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/logger a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/theWorld b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackedEntities c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackedEntityHashTable d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/maxTrackingDistanceThreshold e
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/mcServer a
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/theWorldServer b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/field_73265_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/playersWatchingChunk b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/chunkCoords c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/locationOfBlockChange d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/numBlocksToUpdate e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/flagsYAreasToUpdate f
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/previousWorldTime g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/pmLogger a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/theWorldServer b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/players c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstances d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstancesToUpdate e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerInstanceList f
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/playerViewRadius g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/previousTotalWorldTime h
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/xzDirectionsConst i
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkLoadOverride a
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/logger b
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/droppedChunksSet c
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/dummyChunk d
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/serverChunkGenerator e
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkLoader f
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/id2ChunkMap g
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadedChunks h
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/worldObj i
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/field_180243_a a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/mcServer I
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/theEntityTracker J
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/thePlayerManager K
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesHashSet L
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesTreeSet M
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/entitiesByUuid N
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/allPlayersSleeping O
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntityTick P
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/worldTeleporter Q
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/mobSpawner R
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/blockEventQueue S
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/blockEventCacheIndex T
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/bonusChestContent U
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/pendingTickListEntriesThisTick V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/logger a
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/theChunkProviderServer b
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/disableLevelSaving c
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/villageSiege d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerNetServerHandler a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mcServer b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/logger bH
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/translator bI
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/destroyedItemsNetCache bJ
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/statsFile bK
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/combinedHealth bL
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastHealth bM
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastFoodLevel bN
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/wasHungry bO
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/lastExperience bP
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/respawnInvulnerabilityTicks bQ
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/chatVisibility bR
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/chatColours bS
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerLastActiveTime bT
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/spectatingEntity bU
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/currentWindowId bV
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/theItemInWorldManager c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/managedPosX d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/managedPosZ e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/loadedChunks f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isChangingQuantityOnly g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/ping h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/playerConqueredTheEnd i
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/theWorld a
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/thisPlayerMP b
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/gameType c
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/isDestroyingBlock d
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initialDamage e
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/field_180240_f f
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/curblockDamage g
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/receivedFinishDiggingPacket h
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/field_180241_i i
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initialBlockDamage j
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/durabilityRemainingOnBlock k
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackedEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackingDistanceThreshold b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updateFrequency c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosX d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosY e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedPosZ f
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedRotationYaw g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/encodedRotationPitch h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastHeadMotion i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityMotionX j
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityMotionY k
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/motionZ l
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updateCounter m
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/playerEntitiesUpdated n
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/trackingPlayers o
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/logger p
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosX q
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosY r
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/lastTrackedEntityPosZ s
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/firstUpdateDone t
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendVelocityUpdates u
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/ticksSinceLastForcedTeleport v
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/field_85178_v w
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/ridingEntity x
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/onGround y
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/logger a
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/networkSystem b
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/mcServer a
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/networkManager b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$4/field_151283_c a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$5/field_180230_b a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/field_151284_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/field_180228_c b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181143_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181144_b b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/field_181145_c c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/eventLoops a
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/SERVER_EPOLL_EVENTLOOP b
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/SERVER_LOCAL_EVENTLOOP c
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/isAlive d
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/logger e
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/mcServer f
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/endpoints g
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/networkManagers h
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/field_151289_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/field_151288_b b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$2/field_151286_b a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/field_180227_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/field_180226_b b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180224_a a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180222_b b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$4/field_180223_c c
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/netManager a
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/playerEntity b
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/logger c
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/serverController d
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/networkTickCount e
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_175090_f f
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/floatingTickCount g
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147366_g h
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147378_h i
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPingTime j
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastSentPingPacket k
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/chatSpamThresholdCount l
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/itemDropThreshold m
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/field_147372_n n
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosX o
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosY p
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/lastPosZ q
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/hasMoved r
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP$1/field_151291_a a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/server a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/networkManager b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/field_151292_a a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$2/field_180221_a a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/HELLO a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/KEY b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/AUTHENTICATING c
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/READY_TO_ACCEPT d
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/DELAY_ACCEPT e
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/ACCEPTED f
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/networkManager a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/AUTHENTICATOR_THREAD_ID b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/logger c
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/RANDOM d
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/verifyToken e
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/server f
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/currentLoginState g
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/connectionTimer h
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/loginGameProfile i
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/serverId j
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/secretKey k
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/player l
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/EXIT_MESSAGE a
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/server b
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/networkManager c
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/handled d
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/dateFormat a
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/banStartDate b
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/bannedBy c
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/banEndDate d
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/reason e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/field_152667_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/field_152671_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/gameProfile b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/expirationDate c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/field_152677_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/dateFormat a
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/gson b
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/usernameToProfileEntryMap c
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/uuidToProfileEntryMap d
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/gameProfiles e
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/mcServer f
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/usercacheFile g
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/TYPE h
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152734_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152735_b b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/field_152736_c c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/field_152737_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/field_152738_b b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/field_152739_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/field_152740_b b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/field_152741_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/field_152742_b b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152745_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152746_b b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152747_c c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152748_d d
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/field_152749_e e
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_IPBAN_FILE a
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_PLAYERBAN_FILE b
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_OPS_FILE c
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/OLD_WHITELIST_FILE d
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/LOGGER e
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/field_177697_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_PLAYERBANS a
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_IPBANS b
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_OPS c
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/FILE_WHITELIST d
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/maxPlayers e
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/logger f
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/dateFormat g
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/mcServer h
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerEntityList i
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/uuidToPlayerMap j
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bannedPlayers k
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bannedIPs l
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/ops m
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/whiteListedPlayers n
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerStatFiles o
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerNBTManagerObj p
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/whiteListEnforced q
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/viewDistance r
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/gameType s
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/commandsAllowedForAll t
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerPingIndex u
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/permissionLevel a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/bypassesPlayerLimit b
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/value a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/field_152752_a a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/logger a
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/gson b
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/saveFile c
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/values d
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/lanServer e
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/saveFileFormat f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/byteArrayOutput a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/output b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/hexDigits a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/instance a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/buffer b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/running a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/server b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/threadName c
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/rconThread d
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/field_72615_d e
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/socketList f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/serverSocketList g
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/THREAD_ID h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/field_72600_a a
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/timestamp b
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/randomChallenge c
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/requestId d
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/challengeValue e
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/requestIdAsString f
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/lastAuthCheckTime h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryPort i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverPort j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/maxPlayers k
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverMotd l
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/worldName m
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/querySocket n
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/buffer o
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/incomingPacket p
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/field_72644_p q
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryHostname r
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/serverHostname s
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/queryClients t
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/time u
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/output v
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/lastQueryResponseTime w
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/LOGGER h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/loggedIn i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/clientSocket j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/buffer k
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/rconPassword l
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/rconPort h
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/serverPort i
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/hostname j
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/serverSocket k
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/rconPassword l
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/clientThreads m
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/displayColumn a
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/displayRow b
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/parentAchievement c
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/theItemStack d
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/achievementDescription k
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/statStringFormatter l
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/isSpecial m
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/blazeRod A
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/potion B
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/theEnd C
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/theEnd2 D
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/enchantments E
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/overkill F
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/bookcase G
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/breedCow H
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/spawnWither I
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killWither J
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/fullBeacon K
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/exploreAllBiomes L
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/overpowered M
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/minDisplayColumn a
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/minDisplayRow b
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/maxDisplayColumn c
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/maxDisplayRow d
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/achievementList e
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/openInventory f
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/mineWood g
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildWorkBench h
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildPickaxe i
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildFurnace j
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/acquireIron k
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildHoe l
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/makeBread m
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/bakeCake n
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildBetterPickaxe o
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/cookFish p
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/onARail q
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/buildSword r
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killEnemy s
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/killCow t
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/flyPig u
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/snipeSkeleton v
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/diamonds w
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/diamondsToYou x
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/portal y
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/ghast z
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting/field_150960_a a
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/logger b
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/mcServer c
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/statsFile d
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150888_e e
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150885_f f
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/field_150886_g g
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/statName a
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/type b
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/objectiveCriteria c
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/field_150956_d d
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/statId e
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/isIndependent f
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/simpleStatType g
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/timeStatType h
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/distanceStatType i
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/field_111202_k j
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/numberFormat k
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/decimalFormat l
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/integerValue a
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/jsonSerializableValue b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/field_181547_a a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/field_181548_b b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/SUCCESS_COUNT a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_BLOCKS b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_ENTITIES c
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/AFFECTED_ITEMS d
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/QUERY_RESULT e
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/typeID f
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/typeName g
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/NUM_RESULT_TYPES a
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/STRING_RESULT_TYPES b
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/entitiesID c
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/objectives d
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/animalsBredStat A
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/playerKillsStat B
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/fishCaughtStat C
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/junkFishedStat D
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/treasureFishedStat E
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timesTalkedToVillagerStat F
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timesTradedWithVillagerStat G
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181724_H H
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181725_I I
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181726_J J
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181727_K K
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181728_L L
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181729_M M
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181730_N N
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181731_O O
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181732_P P
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181733_Q Q
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181734_R R
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181735_S S
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181736_T T
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181737_U U
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181738_V V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181739_W W
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181740_X X
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181741_Y Y
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181742_Z Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/oneShotStats a
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/field_181723_aa aa
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mineBlockStatArray ab
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectCraftStats ac
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectUseStats ad
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectBreakStats ae
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/allStats b
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/generalStats c
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/itemStats d
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/objectMineStats e
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/leaveGameStat f
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/minutesPlayedStat g
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/timeSinceDeathStat h
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceWalkedStat i
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceCrouchedStat j
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceSprintedStat k
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceSwumStat l
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceFallenStat m
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceClimbedStat n
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceFlownStat o
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceDoveStat p
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByMinecartStat q
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByBoatStat r
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByPigStat s
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/distanceByHorseStat t
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/jumpStat u
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/dropStat v
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/damageDealtStat w
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/damageTakenStat x
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/deathsStat y
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mobKillsStat z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/statsData a
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/underlyingSet a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/field_180211_a a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/field_180210_b b
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/field_181158_a a
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/map b
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/knownKeys c
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/baseClass d
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/values e
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/field_178749_a minecraft/client/main/Main$1/a
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/field_178748_b minecraft/client/main/Main$1/b
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/lines minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/lines
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/parent minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/parent
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/reason minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/reason
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/textHeight minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/textHeight
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/title minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/title
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelStorageSource minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelStorageSource
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/previousScreen minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/previousScreen
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/b minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/WIDGETS_LOCATION minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/WIDGETS_LOCATION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154355_a minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/a
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154356_b minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/field_154357_c minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/c
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/aborted minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/aborted
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connection minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connection
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/onlineScreen minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/onlineScreen
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK_NORMALS minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/BLOCK_NORMALS
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_PADDING minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_PADDING
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_POSITION minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_POSITION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV0 minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV0
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV1 minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ELEMENT_UV1
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ENTITY minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/ENTITY
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/PARTICLE minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/PARTICLE
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX2_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX2_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_COLOR_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL minecraft/realms/RealmsDefaultVertexFormat/POSITION_TEX_NORMAL
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/editBox minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/editBox
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/levelSummary minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/levelSummary
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_U minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_U
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HAT_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_U minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_U
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_HEAD_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_HEIGHT minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_HEIGHT
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_WIDTH minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/SKIN_TEX_WIDTH
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/minecraft minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/minecraft
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/host minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/host
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/port minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/port
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/lastPingSnapshot minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/lastPingSnapshot
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/nrOfPlayers minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/nrOfPlayers
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/playerList minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing/playerList
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154341_a minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/a
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154342_b minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/b
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154343_c minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/c
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154344_d minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/d
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/field_154345_e minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/e
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/LOGGER minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/LOGGER
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/connections minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/connections
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/ILLEGAL_FILE_CHARACTERS minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/ILLEGAL_FILE_CHARACTERS
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/NETWORK_PROTOCOL_VERSION minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/NETWORK_PROTOCOL_VERSION
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/TICKS_PER_SECOND minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/TICKS_PER_SECOND
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/VERSION_STRING minecraft/realms/RealmsSharedConstants/VERSION_STRING
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/proxy minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/proxy
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/maxValue minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/maxValue
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/minValue minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/minValue
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/sliding minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/sliding
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/steps minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/steps
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/value minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/value
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/v minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/v
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/v minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/v
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/instance minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/instance
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/t minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/t
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/field_74267_a minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/startTime minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/b
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/field_96244_a minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/field_73716_a minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/field_74274_a minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canSpawnAnimals minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/A
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canSpawnNPCs minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/B
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/pvpEnabled minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/C
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/allowFlight minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/D
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/motd minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/E
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/buildLimit minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/F
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/maxPlayerIdleMinutes minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/G
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverKeyPair minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/H
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverOwner minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/folderName minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldName minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/K
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDemo minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/L
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/enableBonusChest minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/M
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldIsBeingDeleted minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/N
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/resourcePackUrl minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/O
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/resourcePackHash minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/P
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverIsRunning minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/Q
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/timeOfLastWarning minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/R
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/userMessage minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/S
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startProfiling minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/T
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isGamemodeForced minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/U
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/authService minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/sessionService minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/W
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/nanoTimeSinceStatusRefresh minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/X
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/profileRepo minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/Y
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/profileCache minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/USER_CACHE_FILE minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverThread minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aa
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/currentTime minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ab
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/commandManager minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/theProfiler minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/c
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldServers minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/d
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverProxy minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/e
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/currentTask minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/f
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/percentDone minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/g
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tickTimeArray minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/h
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/timeOfLastDimensionTick minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/i
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/futureTaskQueue minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/j
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logger minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/k
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/mcServer minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/l
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/anvilConverterForAnvilFile minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/m
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/usageSnooper minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/n
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/anvilFile minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/o
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/playersOnline minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/p
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/networkSystem minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/q
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/statusResponse minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/r
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/random minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/s
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/hostname minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/t
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverPort minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/u
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverConfigManager minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/v
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverRunning minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/w
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverStopped minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/x
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tickCounter minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/y
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/onlineMode minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/z
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/frames a
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/lastIndex b
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/counter c
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/index d
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151199_a a
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151197_b b
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151198_c c
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151195_d d
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151196_e e
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/field_151194_g f
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/field_180193_a a
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/downloadThreadsStarted b
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/logger c
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/internalMap a
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache/CACHE a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/hashEntry a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/valueEntry b
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/nextEntry c
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/slotHash d
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/slots a
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/count b
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/threshold c
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/growFactor d
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/value a
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/isLoaded b
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152759_a a
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152760_b b
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152761_c c
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152762_d d
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/field_152763_e e
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/key a
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/value b
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/nextEntry c
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/hash d
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/hashArray a
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/numHashElements b
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/mask c
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/capacity d
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/percentUseable e
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/modCount f
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/field_151231_a a
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/field_151230_b b
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/SQRT_2 a
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/SIN_TABLE b
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/multiplyDeBruijnBitPosition c
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181163_d d
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181164_e e
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/field_181165_f f
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76332_a a
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76330_b b
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/field_76331_c c
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingEnabled a
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/logger b
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/sectionList c
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/timestampList d
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingSection e
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/profilingMap f
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76336_a a
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76334_b b
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/field_76335_c c
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/patternControlCode a
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/a a
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/field_179615_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/field_179614_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/field_179602_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/field_179601_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179599_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179597_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179598_c c
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179595_d d
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/field_179596_e e
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/field_179593_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/field_179592_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/field_179618_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/field_179617_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/field_179610_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/field_179612_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/field_179627_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/field_179626_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/field_179620_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/field_179623_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/field_179622_b b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/field_179604_a a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/tokenPattern a
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/intListPattern b
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/keyValueListPattern c
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/WORLD_BINDING_ARGS d
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item/itemWeight a
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/theItemId b
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/minStackSize c
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/maxStackSize d
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/name a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/upperChest b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/lowerChest c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/RANDOM a
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/PEACEFUL a
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/EASY b
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/NORMAL c
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/HARD d
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyEnums e
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyId f
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/difficultyResourceKey g
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/$VALUES h
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/worldDifficulty a
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/additionalDifficulty b
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/EMPTY_CODE a
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/lock b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/inventoryTitle a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/slotsCount b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/inventoryContents c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/changeListeners d
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/hasCustomName e
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper$1/field_76344_a a
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/snooperStats a
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/clientStats b
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/uniqueID c
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/serverUrl d
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/playerStatsCollector e
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/threadTrigger f
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/syncLock g
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/minecraftStartTimeMilis h
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/isRunning i
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/selfCounter j
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/damageSrc a
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/field_94567_b b
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/damage c
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/health d
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/field_94566_e e
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/fallDistance f
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/combatEntries a
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/fighter b
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94555_c c
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_152775_d d
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_152776_e e
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94552_d f
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94553_e g
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/field_94551_f h
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/inFire a
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/lightningBolt b
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/onFire c
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/lava d
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/inWall e
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/drown f
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/starve g
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/cactus h
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fall i
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/outOfWorld j
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/generic k
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/magic l
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/wither m
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/anvil n
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fallingBlock o
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/damageType p
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isUnblockable q
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDamageAllowedInCreativeMode r
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/damageIsAbsolute s
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/hungerDamage t
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/fireDamage u
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/projectile v
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/difficultyScaled w
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/magicDamage x
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/explosion y
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/damageSourceEntity q
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/isThornsDamage r
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/indirectEntity r
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179608_a a
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179606_b b
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/field_179607_c c
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180147_A A
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180148_B B
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180149_C C
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180143_D D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180144_E E
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180145_F F
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180146_G G
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/id H
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180150_I I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/attributeModifierMap J
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isBadEffect K
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/liquidColor L
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/name M
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/statusIconIndex N
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/effectiveness O
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/usable P
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/potionTypes a
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180151_b b
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/moveSpeed c
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/moveSlowdown d
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/digSpeed e
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/digSlowdown f
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/damageBoost g
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/heal h
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/harm i
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/jump j
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/confusion k
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/regeneration l
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/resistance m
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/fireResistance n
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/waterBreathing o
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/invisibility p
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/blindness q
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/nightVision r
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/hunger s
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/weakness t
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/poison u
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/wither v
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/healthBoost w
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/absorption x
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/saturation y
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/field_180153_z z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/potionID b
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/duration c
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/amplifier d
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isSplashPotion e
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isAmbient f
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/isPotionDurationMax g
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/showParticles h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/growingAge a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/field_175502_b b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/ageWidth bm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/ageHeight bn
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/field_175503_c c
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/field_85155_a a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/field_96564_a a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/field_180119_a a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/field_180117_a a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevRotationYaw A
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevRotationPitch B
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onGround C
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollidedHorizontally D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollidedVertically E
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isCollided F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/velocityChanged G
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInWeb H
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isDead I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/width J
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/height K
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevDistanceWalkedModified L
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/distanceWalkedModified M
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/distanceWalkedOnStepModified N
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fallDistance O
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosX P
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosY Q
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastTickPosZ R
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/stepHeight S
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/noClip T
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityCollisionReduction U
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rand V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ticksExisted W
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fireResistance X
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/inWater Y
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hurtResistantTime Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ZERO_AABB a
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/firstUpdate aa
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToFire ab
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dataWatcher ac
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addedToChunk ad
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordX ae
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordY af
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/chunkCoordZ ag
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ignoreFrustumCheck ah
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isAirBorne ai
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/timeUntilPortal aj
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/inPortal ak
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/portalCounter al
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dimension am
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastPortalPos an
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/lastPortalVec ao
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/teleportDirection ap
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityUniqueID aq
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityRiderPitchDelta ar
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityRiderYawDelta as
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/invulnerable at
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/cmdResultStats au
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/nextEntityID b
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosX bW
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosY bX
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/serverPosZ bY
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityId c
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/boundingBox f
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOutsideBorder g
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/nextStepDistance h
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fire i
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/renderDistanceWeight j
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/preventEntitySpawning k
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/riddenByEntity l
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/ridingEntity m
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/forceSpawn n
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/worldObj o
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosX p
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosY q
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/prevPosZ r
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posX s
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posY t
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/posZ u
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionX v
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionY w
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/motionZ x
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rotationYaw y
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rotationPitch z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/spawnedID a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/primaryColor b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/secondaryColor c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/field_151512_d d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo/field_151513_e e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/entityEggs a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/logger b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/stringToClassMapping c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/classToStringMapping d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/idToClassMapping e
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/classToIDMapping f
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/stringToIDMapping g
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/armor a
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/selectAnything a
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/IS_STANDALONE b
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/selectInventories c
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors/NOT_SPECTATING d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpColor a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpOrbAge b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/delayBeforeCanPickup c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpOrbHealth d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpValue e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/closestPlayer f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/xpTargetColor g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/field_181170_a a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sprintingSpeedBoostModifierUUID a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevLimbSwingAmount aA
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/limbSwingAmount aB
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/limbSwing aC
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/maxHurtResistantTime aD
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevCameraPitch aE
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/cameraPitch aF
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomUnused2 aG
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomUnused1 aH
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/renderYawOffset aI
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevRenderYawOffset aJ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/rotationYawHead aK
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevRotationYawHead aL
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jumpMovementFactor aM
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackingPlayer aN
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/recentlyHit aO
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dead aP
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityAge aQ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevOnGroundSpeedFactor aR
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onGroundSpeedFactor aS
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/movedDistance aT
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevMovedDistance aU
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/unused180 aV
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/scoreValue aW
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastDamage aX
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isJumping aY
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveStrafing aZ
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isSwingInProgress ar
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingProgressInt as
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/arrowHitTimer at
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/hurtTime au
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/maxHurtTime av
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackedAtYaw aw
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/deathTime ax
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/prevSwingProgress ay
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingProgress az
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sprintingSpeedBoostModifier b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveForward ba
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/randomYawVelocity bb
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosRotationIncrements bc
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosX bd
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosY be
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newPosZ bf
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newRotationYaw bg
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/newRotationPitch bh
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityLivingToAttack bi
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/revengeTimer bj
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastAttacker bk
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/lastAttackerTime bl
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/landMovementFactor bm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jumpTicks bn
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/absorptionAmount bo
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attributeMap c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/_combatTracker f
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/activePotionsMap g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/previousEquipment h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/potionsNeedUpdate i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/ON_GROUND a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/IN_AIR b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/IN_WATER c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/lookHelper a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/livingSoundTime a_
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/bodyHelper b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/experienceValue b_
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/targetTasks bi
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/equipmentDropChances bj
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/senses bk
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/equipment bl
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canPickUpLoot bm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/persistenceRequired bn
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isLeashed bo
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/leashedToEntity bp
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/leashNBTTag bq
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/attackTarget c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/moveHelper f
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/jumpHelper g
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/navigator h
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/tasks i
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/MONSTER a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/CREATURE b
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/AMBIENT c
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/WATER_CREATURE d
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/creatureClass e
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/maxNumberOfCreature f
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/creatureMaterial g
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/isPeacefulCreature h
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/isAnimal i
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry/ENTITY_PLACEMENTS a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/UNDEFINED a
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/UNDEAD b
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/ARTHROPOD c
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/$VALUES d
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/homePosition a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/maximumHomeDistance b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER_UUID bk
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/FLEEING_SPEED_MODIFIER bl
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isMovementAITaskSet bm
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/aiBase c
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/objectType a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/dataValueId b
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/watchedObject c
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/watched d
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/owner a
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/isBlank b
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/dataTypes c
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/watchedObjects d
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/objectChanged e
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/lock f
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/field_147211_a a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/aiSit bm
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/amount a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/operation b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/name c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/id d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/isSaved e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/field_180373_a a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/unlocalizedName b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/defaultValue c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/shouldWatch d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/attributes a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/attributesByName b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/field_180377_c c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/attributeMap a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/genericAttribute b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByOperation c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByName d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/mapByUUID e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/baseValue f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/needsUpdate g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/cachedValue h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/descriptionToAttributeInstanceMap d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/attributeInstanceSet e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/minimumValue a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/maximumValue b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/description c
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/theLiving a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/rotationTickCounter b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/prevRenderYawHead c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/isJumping a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/entity b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/entity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/deltaLookYaw b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/deltaLookPitch c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/isLooking d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posX e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posY f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/posZ g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/entity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posX b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posY c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/posZ d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/speed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/update f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/field_98219_c a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/closestLivingEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/canBeSeenSelector c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/farSpeed d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/nearSpeed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/avoidDistance f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/entityPathEntity g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/entityPathNavigate h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/classToAvoid i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/avoidTargetSelector j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/theWolf a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/thePlayer b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/worldObject c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/minPlayerDistance d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/timeoutCounter e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/breakingTime g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/previousBreakProgress h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/theWorld a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/spawnBabyDelay b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/moveSpeed c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/theAnimal d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/targetMate e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/thisEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/maxSpeed b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/currentSpeed c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/speedBoosted d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/speedBoostTime e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/maxSpeedBoostTime f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/doorPosition b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/doorBlock c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/hasStoppedDoorInteraction d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/entityPositionX e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/entityPositionZ f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/eatingGrassTimer a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/field_179505_b b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/grassEaterEntity c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/entityWorld d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/theCreature a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterX b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterY c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shelterZ d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/movementSpeed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/theWorld f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/theWorld a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/maxDist b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/minDist c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/thePet d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/theOwner e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/followSpeed f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/petPathfinder g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/field_75343_h h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/field_75344_i i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/childAnimal a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/parentAnimal b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/moveSpeed c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/delayCounter d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/mutexBits a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/action a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/priority b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry/field_75732_c c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/logger a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/taskEntries b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/executingTaskEntries c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/theProfiler d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/tickCount e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/tickRate f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/theVillager c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/hasFarmItem d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/field_179503_e e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/field_179501_f f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leaper a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leapTarget b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/leapMotionY c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/theWatcher a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/closestEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/maxDistanceForPlayer c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/watchedClass d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/lookTime e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/chance f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer/theMerchant e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/villageObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/villagerObj b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/mate c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/worldObj d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/matingTimeout e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/worldObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/attacker b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/attackTick c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/speedTowardsTarget d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/longMemory e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/entityPathEntity f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/classTarget g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/delayCounter h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetX i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetY j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/targetZ k
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/entityObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/doorInfo b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/insidePosX c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/insidePosZ d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/movementSpeed b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/entityPathNavigate c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doorInfo d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/isNocturnal e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doorList f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/runDelay a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/destinationBlock b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/theEntity c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/movementSpeed d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/timeoutCounter e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/field_179490_f f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/isAboveDestination g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/searchLength h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosX b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosY c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movePosZ d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/movementSpeed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/targetEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosX c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosY d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/movePosZ e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/speed f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/maxTargetDistance g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theWorld a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/theVictim c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/attackCountdown d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/ocelot c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/theGolem a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/theVillager b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/lookTime c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/closeDoor g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/closeDoorTemporisation h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/speed a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/theEntityCreature b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosX c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosY d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/randPosZ e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/villagerObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/targetVillager b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/speed c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/playTime d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/idleEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/lookX b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/lookZ c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/idleTime d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/entity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/xPosition b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/yPosition c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/zPosition d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/speed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/executionChance f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/mustUpdate g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/entityHost a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/rangedAttackEntityHost b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/attackTarget c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/rangedAttackTime d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/entityMoveSpeed e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_75318_f f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_96561_g g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/maxRangedAttackTime h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/field_96562_i i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/maxAttackDistance j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/entityObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/frontDoor b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/horseHost a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/speed b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetX c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetY d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/targetZ e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/isSitting b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/swellingCreeper a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/creeperAttackTarget b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/theVillager a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/theGolem b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/takeGolemRoseTick c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/tookGolemRose d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptedEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/speed b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetX c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetY d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/targetZ e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/pitch f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/yaw g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptingPlayer h
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/delayTemptCounter i
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/isRunning j
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/temptItem k
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/scaredByPlayerMovement l
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/avoidWater m
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/villager a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/interactionDelay e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/villager f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/irongolem a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/villageAgressorTarget b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/entityCallsForHelp a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/revengeTimerOld b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/targetClasses c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/field_179877_a a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/mob b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179443_c c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179440_d d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/target e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/field_179439_f f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/field_179881_a a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/LOGGER a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/entityLiving b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/predicate c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/sorter d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/entityTarget e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/field_111103_c a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/field_111102_d b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetClass a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/theNearestAttackableTargetSorter b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetEntitySelector c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetEntity d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/targetChance g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed/theTameable g
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/theDefendingTameable a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/theOwnerAttacker b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/field_142051_e c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/theEntityTameable a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/theTarget b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/field_142050_e c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/nearbyOnly a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetSearchStatus b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetSearchDelay c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/targetUnseenTicks d
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/taskOwner e
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/shouldCheckSight f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/nodeProcessor a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/shouldAvoidSun f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathSearchRange a
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/theEntity b
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/worldObj c
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/currentPath d
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/speed e
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/totalTicks f
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/ticksAtLastPos g
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/lastPosCheck h
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/heightRequirement i
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathFinder j
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/targetPosition f
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/entityObj a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/seenEntities b
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/unseenEntities c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/staticVector a
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/doorBlockPos a
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/insideBlock b
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/insideDirection c
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/lastActivityTimestamp d
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/isDetachedFromVillageFlag e
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/doorOpeningRestrictionCounter f
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/agressor a
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/agressionTime b
net/minecraft/village/Village$VillageAggressor/field_75591_c c
net/minecraft/village/Village/worldObj a
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageDoorInfoList b
net/minecraft/village/Village/centerHelper c
net/minecraft/village/Village/center d
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageRadius e
net/minecraft/village/Village/lastAddDoorTimestamp f
net/minecraft/village/Village/tickCounter g
net/minecraft/village/Village/numVillagers h
net/minecraft/village/Village/noBreedTicks i
net/minecraft/village/Village/playerReputation j
net/minecraft/village/Village/villageAgressors k
net/minecraft/village/Village/numIronGolems l
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/worldObj a
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75535_b b
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75536_c c
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75533_d d
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75534_e e
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/theVillage f
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75532_g g
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75538_h h
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/field_75539_i i
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/worldObj b
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/villagerPositionsList c
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/newDoors d
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/villageList e
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/tickCounter f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/spawnPosition a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/inLove bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/spawnableBlock bn
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/playerInLove bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/wingRotation bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/destPos bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/field_70884_g bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/field_70888_h bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/wingRotDelta br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/timeUntilNextEgg bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/chickenJockey bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$GroupData/horseType a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$GroupData/horseVariant b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_MARKING_TEXTURES_ABBR bA
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/eatingHaystackCounter bB
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openMouthCounter bC
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/jumpRearingCounter bD
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseChest bE
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/hasReproduced bF
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110294_bI bG
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/headLean bH
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevHeadLean bI
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/rearingAmount bJ
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevRearingAmount bK
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/mouthOpenness bL
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prevMouthOpenness bM
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/gallopTime bN
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/texturePrefix bO
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseTexturesArray bP
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_175508_bO bQ
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110278_bp bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/field_110279_bq bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseJumping bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/temper bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/jumpPower br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseBreedingSelector bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseJumpStrength bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseArmorTextures bu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_ARMOR_TEXTURES_ABBR bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/armorValues bw
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseTextures bx
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/HORSE_TEXTURES_ABBR by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/horseMarkingTextures bz
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/avoidEntity bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/aiTempt bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/aiControlledByPlayer bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/NONE a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/HOP b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/STEP c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/SPRINT d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/ATTACK e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/speed f
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/field_180077_g g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/duration h
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/field_180085_i i
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity/entityInstance c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitTypeData/typeData a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/field_180069_b b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/theEntity c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/field_180068_d d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper/theEntity g
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIPanic/theEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/rabbit c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/field_179498_d d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/field_179499_e e
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/aiAvoidWolves bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175540_bm bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175535_bn bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175536_bo bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175537_bp br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/currentMoveTypeDuration bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/moveType bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/carrotTicks bu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/field_175543_bt bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep$1/field_90034_a a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/inventoryCrafting bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/DYE_TO_RGB bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/sheepTimer bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/entityAIEatGrass bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/squid a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidPitch a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidPitch b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidYaw bk
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidRotation bl
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/prevSquidRotation bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/tentacleAngle bn
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/lastTentacleAngle bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionSpeed bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/rotationVelocity bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/field_70871_bB br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecX bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecY bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/randomMotionVecZ bu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/squidYaw c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180099_a a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180097_b b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/field_180098_c c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/villageObj a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/homeCheckTimer b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/holdRoseTick bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/attackTimer c
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/pos a
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/blockState b
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone$StaticCloneData/compound c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/field_180095_a a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/headRotationCourse bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/headRotationCourseOld bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isWet bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isShaking br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/timeWolfIsShaking bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/prevTimeWolfIsShaking bt
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/entityDragonObj a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/partName b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/innerRotation a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/health b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetX a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetY b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/target bA
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/ringBuffer bk
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/ringBufferIndex bl
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartArray bm
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartHead bn
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartBody bo
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail1 bp
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail2 bq
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartTail3 br
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartWing1 bs
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/dragonPartWing2 bt
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/prevAnimTime bu
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/animTime bv
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/forceNewTarget bw
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/slowed bx
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/deathTicks by
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/healingEnderCrystal bz
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/targetZ c
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82220_d a
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82221_e b
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82218_g bm
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82223_h bn
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82224_i bo
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/blockBreakCounter bp
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntitySelector bq
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/field_82217_f c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_HEAD_ROTATION a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_BODY_ROTATION b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/disabledSlots bi
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/field_181028_bj bj
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/headRotation bk
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/bodyRotation bl
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/leftArmRotation bm
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/rightArmRotation bn
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/leftLegRotation bo
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/rightLegRotation bp
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_LEFTARM_ROTATION c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_RIGHTARM_ROTATION d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_LEFTLEG_ROTATION e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/DEFAULT_RIGHTLEG_ROTATION f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/contents g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canInteract h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/punchCooldown i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/hangingPosition a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/facingDirection b
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/tickCounter1 c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/itemDropChance c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/field_180001_A A
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/title B
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/sizeX C
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/sizeY D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/offsetX E
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/offsetY F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/$VALUES G
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/KEBAB a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/AZTEC b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/ALBAN c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/AZTEC_2 d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BOMB e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/PLANT f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WASTELAND g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/POOL h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/COURBET i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SEA j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SUNSET k
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/CREEBET l
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WANDERER m
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/GRAHAM n
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/MATCH o
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BUST p
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/STAGE q
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/VOID r
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SKULL_AND_ROSES s
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/WITHER t
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/FIGHTERS u
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/POINTER v
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/PIGSCENE w
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/BURNING_SKULL x
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/SKELETON y
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/DONKEY_KONG z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/art c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/shake a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishX aA
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishY aB
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishZ aC
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishYaw aD
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishPitch aE
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionX aF
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionY aG
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/clientMotionZ aH
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/inTile ar
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/inGround as
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksInGround at
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksInAir au
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCatchable av
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCaughtDelay aw
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/ticksCatchableDelay ax
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishApproachAngle ay
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/fishPosRotationIncrements az
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/angler b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/caughtEntity c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/JUNK d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/TREASURE e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/FISH f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/xTile g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/yTile h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/zTile i
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/returnStack b
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/maxDamagePercent c
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/enchantable d
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/boltVertex a
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/lightningState b
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/boltLivingTime c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/isBoatEmpty a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityY ar
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityZ as
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/speedMultiplier b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatPosRotationIncrements c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatX d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatY e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatZ f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatYaw g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/boatPitch h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/velocityX i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallTime a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/shouldDropItem b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/tileEntityData c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallTile d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canSetAsBlock e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/hurtEntities f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallHurtMax g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fallHurtAmount h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/hoverStart a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/logger b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/age c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/delayBeforeCanPickup d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/health e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/thrower f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/owner g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$1/field_180037_a a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$1/field_180036_b b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/RIDEABLE a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/CHEST b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/FURNACE c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/TNT d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/SPAWNER e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/HOPPER f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/COMMAND_BLOCK g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/ID_LOOKUP h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/networkID i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/name j
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/isInReverse a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityX ar
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityY as
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/velocityZ at
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/entityName b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/matrix c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/turnProgress d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartX e
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartY f
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartZ g
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartYaw h
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/minecartPitch i
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/field_145768_a a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/commandBlockLogic a
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/activatorRailCooldown b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/minecartContainerItems a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/dropContentsWhenDead b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/pushX a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/pushZ b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/fuel c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/isBlocked a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/transferTicker b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/field_174900_c c
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/field_98296_a a
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/mobSpawnerLogic a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/minecartTNTFuse a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/fuse a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/tntPlacedBy b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/blaze a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/field_179467_b b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/field_179468_c c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/heightOffset a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/heightOffsetUpdateTime b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/lastActiveTime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/timeSinceIgnited b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/explosionRadius bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/field_175494_bm bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/fuseTime c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/field_179949_a a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/enderman a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/player g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/field_179450_h h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/field_179451_i i
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/enderman j
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/enderman a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackingSpeedBoostModifierUUID a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackingSpeedBoostModifier b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/isAggressive bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/carriableBlocks c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/lifetime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/playerSpawned b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob/mobSelector d
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob/VISIBLE_MOB_SELECTOR e
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/parentEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/parentEntity g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/courseChangeCooldown h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/attackTimer a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/parentEntity b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/parentEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/explosionStrength a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/field_179914_a a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/theEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/tickCounter b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/parentEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper/entityGuardian g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175482_b a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175484_c b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175485_bl bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175486_bm bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/targetedEntity bo
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175479_bo bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175480_bp bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/wander br
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/field_175483_bk c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER_UUID b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/angerLevel bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/randomSoundDelay bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/angerTargetUUID bo
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/ATTACK_SPEED_BOOST_MODIFIER c
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/maxHealth a
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/followRange b
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/knockbackResistance c
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/movementSpeed d
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/attackDamage e
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/logger f
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/silverfish a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/facing b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/field_179484_c c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/silverfish a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/field_179463_b b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/summonSilverfish a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/aiArrowAttack a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/aiAttackOnCollide b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/slime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/field_179465_b b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/slime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/slime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179922_g g
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179924_h h
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/slime i
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/field_179923_j j
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/slime a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/field_179459_b b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/field_179460_c c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/squishAmount a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/squishFactor b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/wasOnGround bk
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/prevSquishFactor c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$GroupData/potionEffectId a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/MODIFIER_UUID a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/MODIFIER b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/witchAttackTimer bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/witchDrops c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/isChild a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/isVillager b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie$GroupData/field_142047_c c
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/reinforcementChance a
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/babySpeedBoostUUID b
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/breakDoor bm
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/conversionTime bn
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isBreakDoorsTaskSet bo
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/zombieWidth bp
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/zombieHeight bq
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/babySpeedBoostModifier c
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/theMerchantInventory a
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/customer b
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/recipeList c
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/field_175548_d d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/sellItem a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/price b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/enchantedItemStack a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/priceInfo b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/buyingItemStack a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/buyingPriceInfo b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/sellingItemstack c
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/field_179408_d d
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/itemToBuy a
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/priceInfo b
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/areAdditionalTasksSet bA
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/villagerInventory bB
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/DEFAULT_TRADE_LIST_MAP bC
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/villageObj bm
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/randomTickDivider bn
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isMating bo
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isPlaying bp
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/buyingPlayer bq
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/buyingList br
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/timeUntilReset bs
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/needsInitilization bt
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isWillingToMate bu
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/wealth bv
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/lastBuyingPlayer bw
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/careerId bx
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/careerLevel by
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isLookingForHome bz
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/disableDamage a
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/isFlying b
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/allowFlying c
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/isCreativeMode d
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/allowEdit e
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/flySpeed f
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/walkSpeed g
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/field_96634_a a
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/field_96633_b b
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/mainInventory a
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/armorInventory b
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/currentItem c
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/player d
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/inventoryChanged e
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/itemStack f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$1/field_179420_a a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/OK a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_POSSIBLE_HERE b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_POSSIBLE_NOW c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/TOO_FAR_AWAY d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/OTHER_PROBLEM e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/NOT_SAFE f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/FULL a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/SYSTEM b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/HIDDEN c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/ID_LOOKUP d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/chatVisibility e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/resourceKey f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/$VALUES g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/theInventoryEnderChest a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sleepTimer b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/capabilities bA
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experienceLevel bB
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experienceTotal bC
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/experience bD
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/speedOnGround bE
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/speedInAir bF
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/fishEntity bG
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/gameProfile bH
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/hasReducedDebug bI
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetY bZ
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/inventory bi
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/inventoryContainer bj
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openContainer bk
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/foodStats bl
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/flyToggleTimer bm
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevCameraYaw bn
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/cameraYaw bo
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpCooldown bp
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosX bq
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosY br
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/prevChasingPosZ bs
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosX bt
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosY bu
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/chasingPosZ bv
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sleeping bw
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/playerLocation bx
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetX by
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/renderOffsetZ bz
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/spawnChunk c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/spawnForced d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/startMinecartRidingCoordinate e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpSeed f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/itemInUse g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/itemInUseCount h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/lastXPSound i
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/CAPE a
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/JACKET b
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/LEFT_SLEEVE c
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/RIGHT_SLEEVE d
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/LEFT_PANTS_LEG e
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/RIGHT_PANTS_LEG f
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/HAT g
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partId h
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partMask i
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/partName j
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/field_179339_k k
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/$VALUES l
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canBePickedUp a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/ticksInGround ar
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/ticksInAir as
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/damage at
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/knockbackStrength au
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/arrowShake b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/shootingEntity c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/xTile d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/yTile e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/zTile f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inTile g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inData h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/inGround i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetX a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetY b
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/targetZ c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/despawnTimer d
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/shatterOrDrop e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/shootingEntity a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/ticksAlive ar
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/ticksInAir as
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationX b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationY c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/accelerationZ d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/xTile e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/yTile f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/zTile g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/inTile h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/inGround i
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/fireworkAge a
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/lifetime b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/explosionPower e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/inGround a
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/ticksInAir ar
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/throwableShake b
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/xTile c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/yTile d
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/zTile e
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/inTile f
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/thrower g
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/throwerName h
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/ticksInGround i
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/logger a
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/profileStartTime b
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/profileStartTick c
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/field_181555_c c
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/potionDamage c
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodLevel a
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodSaturationLevel b
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodExhaustionLevel c
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/foodTimer d
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/prevFoodLevel e
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/transactionID a
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/inventoryItemStacks b
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/inventorySlots c
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/windowId d
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/crafters e
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragMode f
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragEvent g
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/dragSlots h
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/playerList i
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$1/field_135010_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_135071_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_178174_b b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/field_135068_e c
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/maximumCost a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/logger f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/outputSlot g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/inputSlots h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/theWorld i
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/selfPosition j
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/materialCost k
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/repairedItemName l
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/thePlayer m
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/field_82876_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/tileBeacon a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/beaconSlot f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/field_75226_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/player a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/tileBrewingStand a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/theSlot f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/brewTime g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/lowerChestInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/numRows f
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/stackList a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/inventoryWidth b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/inventoryHeight c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/eventHandler d
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/craftMatrix a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/craftResult f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/worldObj g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/pos h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/dispenserInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/field_70484_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/field_75227_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$3/field_178172_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/tableInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/xpSeed f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantLevels g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantmentIds h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/worldPointer i
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/position j
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/rand k
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/tileFurnace a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/cookTime f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/totalCookTime g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/furnaceBurnTime h
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/currentItemBurnTime i
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/thePlayer a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/field_75228_b b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/hopperInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$1/field_111239_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/field_111241_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/field_111240_b b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/horseInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/theHorse f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/field_75236_a a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/field_75235_b b
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/craftMatrix a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/craftResult f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/isLocalWorld g
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/thePlayer h
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/theMerchant a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/theInventory b
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/thePlayer c
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/currentRecipe d
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/currentRecipeIndex e
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/theMerchant a
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/merchantInventory f
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/theWorld g
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/theMerchantInventory a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/thePlayer b
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/field_75231_g c
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/theMerchant h
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/associatedChest a
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/stackResult a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/craftMatrix a
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/thePlayer b
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/amountCrafted c
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/slotIndex a
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/inventory d
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/slotNumber e
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/xDisplayPosition f
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/yDisplayPosition g
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/LEATHER a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/CHAIN b
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/IRON c
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/GOLD d
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/DIAMOND e
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/name f
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/maxDamageFactor g
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/damageReductionAmountArray h
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/enchantability i
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/$VALUES j
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/EMPTY_SLOT_NAMES a
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/armorType b
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/damageReduceAmount c
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/renderIndex d
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/maxDamageArray k
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/dispenserBehavior l
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/material m
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe/EFFECTIVE_ON c
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/block a
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed/block a
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/bowPullIconNameArray a
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/isFull a
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/creativeTabArray a
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabBlock b
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabDecorations c
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabRedstone d
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabTransport e
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabMisc f
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabAllSearch g
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabFood h
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabTools i
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabCombat j
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabBrewing k
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabMaterials l
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabInventory m
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabIndex n
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/tabLabel o
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/theTexture p
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/hasScrollbar q
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/drawTitle r
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/enchantmentTypes s
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/iconItemStack t
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/efficiencyOnProperMaterial a
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/toolMaterial b
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/effectiveBlocks c
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/damageVsEntity d
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/block a
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/WHITE a
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/ORANGE b
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/MAGENTA c
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/LIGHT_BLUE d
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/YELLOW e
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/LIME f
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/PINK g
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/GRAY h
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/SILVER i
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/CYAN j
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/PURPLE k
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BLUE l
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BROWN m
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/GREEN n
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/RED o
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/BLACK p
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/META_LOOKUP q
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/DYE_DMG_LOOKUP r
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/meta s
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/dyeDamage t
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/name u
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/unlocalizedName v
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/mapColor w
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/chatColor x
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/$VALUES y
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/dyeColors a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/COD a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/SALMON b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/CLOWNFISH c
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/PUFFERFISH d
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/META_LOOKUP e
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/meta f
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/unlocalizedName g
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/uncookedHealAmount h
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/uncookedSaturationModifier i
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookedHealAmount j
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookedSaturationModifier k
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/cookable l
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/$VALUES m
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/cooked b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/itemUseDuration a
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/healAmount b
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/saturationModifier c
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/isWolfsFavoriteMeat d
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/alwaysEdible k
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionId l
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionDuration m
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionAmplifier n
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/potionEffectProbability o
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/hangingEntityClass a
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe$1/field_179590_a a
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/theToolMaterial a
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/WOOD a
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/STONE b
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/IRON c
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/EMERALD d
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/GOLD e
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/harvestLevel f
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/maxUses g
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/efficiencyOnProperMaterial h
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/damageVsEntity i
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/enchantability j
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/$VALUES k
net/minecraft/item/Item/BLOCK_TO_ITEM a
net/minecraft/item/Item/tabToDisplayOn b
net/minecraft/item/Item/maxDamage c
net/minecraft/item/Item/containerItem d
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemRegistry e
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemModifierUUID f
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemRand g
net/minecraft/item/Item/maxStackSize h
net/minecraft/item/Item/bFull3D i
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasSubtypes j
net/minecraft/item/Item/potionEffect k
net/minecraft/item/Item/unlocalizedName l
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/DECIMALFORMAT a
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/stackSize b
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/animationsToGo c
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/item d
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/stackTagCompound e
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/itemDamage f
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/itemFrame g
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroyCacheBlock h
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroyCacheResult i
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOnCacheBlock j
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOnCacheResult k
net/minecraft/init/Items/mushroom_stew A
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_sword B
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_shovel C
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_pickaxe D
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_axe E
net/minecraft/init/Items/string F
net/minecraft/init/Items/feather G
net/minecraft/init/Items/gunpowder H
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_hoe I
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_hoe J
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_hoe K
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_hoe L
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_hoe M
net/minecraft/init/Items/wheat_seeds N
net/minecraft/init/Items/wheat O
net/minecraft/init/Items/bread P
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_helmet Q
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_chestplate R
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_leggings S
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather_boots T
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_helmet U
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_chestplate V
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_leggings W
net/minecraft/init/Items/chainmail_boots X
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_helmet Y
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_chestplate Z
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_shovel a
net/minecraft/init/Items/saddle aA
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_door aB
net/minecraft/init/Items/redstone aC
net/minecraft/init/Items/snowball aD
net/minecraft/init/Items/boat aE
net/minecraft/init/Items/leather aF
net/minecraft/init/Items/milk_bucket aG
net/minecraft/init/Items/brick aH
net/minecraft/init/Items/clay_ball aI
net/minecraft/init/Items/reeds aJ
net/minecraft/init/Items/paper aK
net/minecraft/init/Items/book aL
net/minecraft/init/Items/slime_ball aM
net/minecraft/init/Items/chest_minecart aN
net/minecraft/init/Items/furnace_minecart aO
net/minecraft/init/Items/egg aP
net/minecraft/init/Items/compass aQ
net/minecraft/init/Items/fishing_rod aR
net/minecraft/init/Items/clock aS
net/minecraft/init/Items/glowstone_dust aT
net/minecraft/init/Items/fish aU
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_fish aV
net/minecraft/init/Items/dye aW
net/minecraft/init/Items/bone aX
net/minecraft/init/Items/sugar aY
net/minecraft/init/Items/cake aZ
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_leggings aa
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_boots ab
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_helmet ac
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_chestplate ad
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_leggings ae
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_boots af
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_helmet ag
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_chestplate ah
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_leggings ai
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_boots aj
net/minecraft/init/Items/flint ak
net/minecraft/init/Items/porkchop al
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_porkchop am
net/minecraft/init/Items/painting an
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_apple ao
net/minecraft/init/Items/sign ap
net/minecraft/init/Items/oak_door aq
net/minecraft/init/Items/spruce_door ar
net/minecraft/init/Items/birch_door as
net/minecraft/init/Items/jungle_door at
net/minecraft/init/Items/acacia_door au
net/minecraft/init/Items/dark_oak_door av
net/minecraft/init/Items/bucket aw
net/minecraft/init/Items/water_bucket ax
net/minecraft/init/Items/lava_bucket ay
net/minecraft/init/Items/minecart az
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_pickaxe b
net/minecraft/init/Items/glass_bottle bA
net/minecraft/init/Items/spider_eye bB
net/minecraft/init/Items/fermented_spider_eye bC
net/minecraft/init/Items/blaze_powder bD
net/minecraft/init/Items/magma_cream bE
net/minecraft/init/Items/brewing_stand bF
net/minecraft/init/Items/cauldron bG
net/minecraft/init/Items/ender_eye bH
net/minecraft/init/Items/speckled_melon bI
net/minecraft/init/Items/spawn_egg bJ
net/minecraft/init/Items/experience_bottle bK
net/minecraft/init/Items/fire_charge bL
net/minecraft/init/Items/writable_book bM
net/minecraft/init/Items/written_book bN
net/minecraft/init/Items/emerald bO
net/minecraft/init/Items/item_frame bP
net/minecraft/init/Items/flower_pot bQ
net/minecraft/init/Items/carrot bR
net/minecraft/init/Items/potato bS
net/minecraft/init/Items/baked_potato bT
net/minecraft/init/Items/poisonous_potato bU
net/minecraft/init/Items/map bV
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_carrot bW
net/minecraft/init/Items/skull bX
net/minecraft/init/Items/carrot_on_a_stick bY
net/minecraft/init/Items/nether_star bZ
net/minecraft/init/Items/bed ba
net/minecraft/init/Items/repeater bb
net/minecraft/init/Items/cookie bc
net/minecraft/init/Items/filled_map bd
net/minecraft/init/Items/shears be
net/minecraft/init/Items/melon bf
net/minecraft/init/Items/pumpkin_seeds bg
net/minecraft/init/Items/melon_seeds bh
net/minecraft/init/Items/beef bi
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_beef bj
net/minecraft/init/Items/chicken bk
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_chicken bl
net/minecraft/init/Items/mutton bm
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_mutton bn
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit bo
net/minecraft/init/Items/cooked_rabbit bp
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_stew bq
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_foot br
net/minecraft/init/Items/rabbit_hide bs
net/minecraft/init/Items/rotten_flesh bt
net/minecraft/init/Items/ender_pearl bu
net/minecraft/init/Items/blaze_rod bv
net/minecraft/init/Items/ghast_tear bw
net/minecraft/init/Items/gold_nugget bx
net/minecraft/init/Items/nether_wart by
net/minecraft/init/Items/potionitem bz
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_axe c
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_11 cA
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_wait cB
net/minecraft/init/Items/prismarine_shard cC
net/minecraft/init/Items/prismarine_crystals cD
net/minecraft/init/Items/banner cE
net/minecraft/init/Items/pumpkin_pie ca
net/minecraft/init/Items/fireworks cb
net/minecraft/init/Items/firework_charge cc
net/minecraft/init/Items/enchanted_book cd
net/minecraft/init/Items/comparator ce
net/minecraft/init/Items/netherbrick cf
net/minecraft/init/Items/quartz cg
net/minecraft/init/Items/tnt_minecart ch
net/minecraft/init/Items/hopper_minecart ci
net/minecraft/init/Items/armor_stand cj
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_horse_armor ck
net/minecraft/init/Items/golden_horse_armor cl
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_horse_armor cm
net/minecraft/init/Items/lead cn
net/minecraft/init/Items/name_tag co
net/minecraft/init/Items/command_block_minecart cp
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_13 cq
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_cat cr
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_blocks cs
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_chirp ct
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_far cu
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_mall cv
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_mellohi cw
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_stal cx
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_strad cy
net/minecraft/init/Items/record_ward cz
net/minecraft/init/Items/flint_and_steel d
net/minecraft/init/Items/apple e
net/minecraft/init/Items/bow f
net/minecraft/init/Items/arrow g
net/minecraft/init/Items/coal h
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond i
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_ingot j
net/minecraft/init/Items/gold_ingot k
net/minecraft/init/Items/iron_sword l
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_sword m
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_shovel n
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_pickaxe o
net/minecraft/init/Items/wooden_axe p
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_sword q
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_shovel r
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_pickaxe s
net/minecraft/init/Items/stone_axe t
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_sword u
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_shovel v
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_pickaxe w
net/minecraft/init/Items/diamond_axe x
net/minecraft/init/Items/stick y
net/minecraft/init/Items/bowl z
METHODS
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/func_175744_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; a (I)La;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getTextWithoutFormattingCodes (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getValidValues (ZZ)Ljava/util/Collection; a (ZZ)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getColorIndex ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getValueByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; b (Ljava/lang/String;)La;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/isFancyStyling ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/func_175745_c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/isColor ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/getFriendlyName ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; values ()[La;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandEmote/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLeaves/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/loadMapData (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData; a (ILadm;)Latg;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/updateMapData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V a (Ladm;Lpk;Latg;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/getMapData (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData; a (Lzx;Ladm;)Latg;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V a (Lzx;Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/createMapDataPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMap/onCreated (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucketMilk/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart$1/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; a (Laad;)Lva$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMinecart/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemMultiTexture/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemNameTag/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemPickaxe/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPiston/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getEffects (I)Ljava/util/List; e (I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/isSplash (I)Z f (I)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getColorFromDamage (I)I g (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/isEffectInstant (I)Z h (I)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemPotion/getEffects (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/List; h (Lzx;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/EnumRarity/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; values ()[Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRecord (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemRecord; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Laak;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRecordNameLocal ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRecord/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; g (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemRedstone/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSaddle/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeedFood/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSeeds/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemShears/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSpade/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSign/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSimpleFoiled/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/updateItemStackNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSkull/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lwn;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/tryPlace (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lcj;Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSlab/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnow/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSnowball/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/spawnCreature (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IDDD)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;IDDD)Lpk;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMonsterPlacer/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getDamageVsEntity ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getToolMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; i ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSword/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/setSubtypeNames ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemColored; a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Laaz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemColored/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEnchant/getListOfPlayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/EnumAction/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; values ()[Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemLilyPad/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemWritableBook/isNBTValid (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z b (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/resolveContents (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lzx;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/validBookTagContents (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z b (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEditableBook/getGeneration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I h (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefixIndex (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/checkFlag (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefixIndexFlags (IIIIII)I a (IIIIII)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/brewBitOperations (IIZZZ)I a (IIZZZ)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/applyIngredient (ILjava/lang/String;)I a (ILjava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getLiquidColor (IZ)I a (IZ)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/parsePotionEffects (Ljava/lang/String;III)I a (Ljava/lang/String;III)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/calcPotionLiquidColor (Ljava/util/Collection;)I a (Ljava/util/Collection;)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionEffect (ZZZIIII)I a (ZZZIIII)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionEffects (IZ)Ljava/util/List; b (IZ)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getAreAmbient (Ljava/util/Collection;)Z b (Ljava/util/Collection;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/getPotionPrefix (I)Ljava/lang/String; c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/isFlagSet (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/isFlagUnset (II)I d (II)I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHelper/countSetFlags (I)I h (I)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmorDyes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesArmor/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeAddPattern/func_179533_c (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; c (Lxp;)Laku$a;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners$RecipeDuplicatePattern/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesBanners/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeBookCloning/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesDyes/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeFireworks/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesFood/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/instance ()Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes; a ()Labo;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmeltingRecipeForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V a (Lafh;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmelting (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V a (Lzw;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingResult (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/compareItemStacks (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/addSmeltingRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)V a (Lzx;Lzx;F)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingList ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/FurnaceRecipes/getSmeltingExperience (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F b (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapCloning/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesMapExtending/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesIngots/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;)I a (Labs;Labs;)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager; a ()Labt;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/IRecipe;)V a (Labs;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/findMatchingRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;Ladm;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes; a (Lzx;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Labv;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/getRecipeList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/func_180303_b (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;Ladm;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager/addShapelessRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V b (Lzx;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipeRepairItem/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/checkMatch (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;IIZ)Z a (Lxp;IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapedRecipes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRecipeSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getCraftingResult (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxp;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/matches (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lxp;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRecipeOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/ShapelessRecipes/getRemainingItems (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting;)[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lxp;)[Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesCrafting/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesTools/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/item/crafting/RecipesWeapons/addRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/item/crafting/CraftingManager;)V a (Labt;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEntityData/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowDamage/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowFire/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowInfinite/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentArrowKnockback/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/calcDamageByCreature (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F a (ILpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/onEntityDamaged (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDamage/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/negateDamage (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILjava/util/Random;)Z a (Lzx;ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDurability/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentDigging/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/calcModifierDamage (ILnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I a (ILow;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/calcDamageByCreature (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F a (ILpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/onEntityDamaged (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getEnchantmentByLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/onUserHurt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V b (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/func_181077_c ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getEnchantmentById (I)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; c (I)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Laci;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getWeight ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getTranslatedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; d (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment/getMinLevel ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/canEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lacj;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; values ()[Lacj;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$DamageIterator/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$HurtIterator/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierLiving/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$ModifierDamage/calculateModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantmentLevel (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (ILzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getMaxEnchantmentLevel (I[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (I[Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantedItem (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Laci;Lpr;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyEnchantmentModifier (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lack$c;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyEnchantmentModifierArray (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper$IModifier;[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lack$c;[Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/setEnchantments (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ljava/util/Map;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/calcItemStackEnchantability (Ljava/util/Random;IILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;IILzx;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/addRandomEnchantment (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Ljava/util/Random;Lzx;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getRespiration (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getKnockbackModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I a (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyThornEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lzx;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getModifierForCreature (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute;)F a (Lzx;Lpw;)F
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEnchantmentModifierDamage ([Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I a ([Lzx;Low;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/mapEnchantmentData (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/util/Map; b (ILzx;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/buildEnchantmentList (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljava/util/Random;Lzx;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getDepthStriderModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I b (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getFireAspectModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I b (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/applyArthropodEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getEfficiencyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I c (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getSilkTouchModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z e (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getFortuneModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I f (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLuckOfSeaModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I g (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLureModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I h (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getLootingModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)I i (Lpr;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentHelper/getAquaAffinityModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z j (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFireAspect/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentFishingSpeed/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentKnockback/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentLootBonus/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentOxygen/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/calcModifierDamage (ILnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)I a (ILow;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/func_92092_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)D a (Lpk;D)D
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getFireTimeForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)I a (Lpk;I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentProtection/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/func_92094_a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/func_92095_b (ILjava/util/Random;)I b (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentThorns/onUserHurt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V b (Lpr;Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/canApplyTogether (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;)Z a (Laci;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/canApply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentUntouching/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWalker/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMinEnchantability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMaxLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentWaterWorker/getMaxEnchantability (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; b_ (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/IMerchant/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; v_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getItemToBuy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/increaseMaxTradeUses (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/readFromTags (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getSecondItemToBuy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/hasSecondItemToBuy ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getItemToSell ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getToolUses ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getMaxTradeUses ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/incrementToolUses ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/isRecipeDisabled ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/compensateToolUses ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/getRewardsExp ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe/writeToTags ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; k ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandExecuteAt/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/getRecipiesAsTags ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/readRecipiesFromTags (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/writeToBuf (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/func_181078_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/canRecipeBeUsed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe; a (Lzx;Lzx;I)Lacz;
net/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList/readFromBuf (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; b (Lem;)Lada;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/trigger (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/writeDataToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/tryOpenEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setTrackOutput (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/readDataFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setLastOutput (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/updateCommand ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/func_145751_f ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getSuccessCount ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getLastOutput ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; k ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getCommand ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/shouldTrackOutput ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/getCommandResultStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; n ()Ln;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/toNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ladd$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (Ladd$a;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/func_98267_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setRandomEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)V a (Ladd$a;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/func_180612_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setEntityName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/spawnNewEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Lpk;Z)Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/setDelayToMin (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/updateSpawner ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getMobRotation ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getPrevMobRotation ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getEntityNameToSpawn ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/isActivated ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/resetTimer ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic/getRandomEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart; i ()Ladd$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getEventID ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getEventParameter ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; d ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEventData/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; values ()[Ladf;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterXPos ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterBlock (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/chunkXZ2Int (II)J a (II)J
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getBlock (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getCenterZPosition ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getXStart ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getZStart ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getXEnd ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/getZEnd ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/doExplosionA ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/doExplosionB (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getPlayerKnockbackMap ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getExplosivePlacedBy ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; c ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/clearAffectedBlockPositions ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/Explosion/getAffectedBlockPositions ()Ljava/util/List; e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorPine ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColor (DD)I a (DD)I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/setFoliageBiomeColorizer ([I)V a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorBirch ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerFoliage/getFoliageColorBasic ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getBoolean ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getInt ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$Value/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType; e ()Ladk$b;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType; values ()[Ladk$b;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/writeToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/areSameType (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ladk$b;)Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/setOrCreateGameRule (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/addGameRule (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules$ValueType;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ladk$b;)V
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getRules ()[Ljava/lang/String; b ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;)I c (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/GameRules/hasRule (Ljava/lang/String;)Z e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/getGrassColor (DD)I a (DD)I
net/minecraft/world/ColorizerGrass/setGrassBiomeColorizer ([I)V a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/World$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/World/getProviderName ()Ljava/lang/String; A ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockIndirectlyGettingPowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I A (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateInitialSkylight ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/setSpawnPoint (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V B (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateInitialWeather ()V C ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/isRainingAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z C (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setActivePlayerChunksAndCheckLight ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockinHighHumidity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z D (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getLoadedEntityList ()Ljava/util/List; E ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getDifficultyForLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance; E (Lcj;)Lok;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSeaLevel ()I F ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/isWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z F (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/World/sendQuittingDisconnectingPacket ()V H ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/checkSessionLock ()V I ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getSeed ()J J ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getTotalWorldTime ()J K ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldTime ()J L ()J
net/minecraft/world/World/getSpawnPoint ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; M ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; N ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSaveHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; O ()Latp;
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; P ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/World/getGameRules ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; Q ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/World/isThundering ()Z R ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isRaining ()Z S ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getMapStorage ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage; T ()Laua;
net/minecraft/world/World/getHeight ()I U ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getActualHeight ()I V ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getHorizon ()D X ()D
net/minecraft/world/World/getCurrentDate ()Ljava/util/Calendar; Y ()Ljava/util/Calendar;
net/minecraft/world/World/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; Z ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/world/World/getClosestPlayer (DDDD)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; a (DDDD)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/makeFireworks (DDDDDDLnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (DDDDDDLdn;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundEffect (DDDLjava/lang/String;FF)V a (DDDLjava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playSound (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V a (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/world/World/calculateSkylightSubtracted (F)I a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntityByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkFromChunkCoords (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/World/setRandomSeed (III)Ljava/util/Random; a (III)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlocksDirtyVertical (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (IIIIIIZ)Z a (IIIIIIZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playMoodSoundAndCheckLight (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (IILamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isChunkLoaded (IIZ)Z a (IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playBroadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setTotalWorldTime (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addWorldAccess (Lnet/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess;)V a (Lado;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/initialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/doesBlockHaveSolidTopSurface (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFromNeighborsFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/forceBlockUpdateTick (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lafh;Lcj;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockBePlaced (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lafh;Lcj;ZLcq;Lpk;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Z a (Lakw;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isInsideBorder (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lams;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getPendingBlockUpdates (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Lamy;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/func_175712_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Laqe;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCollisionBoxes (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; a (Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/isMaterialInBB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z a (Laug;Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/handleMaterialAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Laug;Larm;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkNoEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Laug;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getBlockDensity (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)F a (Laui;Laug;)F
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Laui;Laui;Z)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/rayTraceBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;ZZZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Laui;Laui;ZZZ)Lauh;
net/minecraft/world/World/addWorldInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; a (Lb;)Lc;
net/minecraft/world/World/isValid (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z a (Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;IZ)Z a (Lcj;IZ)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getRawLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;)I a (Lcj;Lads;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockTickPending (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lcj;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduleUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V a (Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateBlockTick (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V a (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsOfStateExcept (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Z a (Lcj;Lalz;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z a (Lcj;Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/playRecord (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lcj;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z a (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDDDD[I)V a (Lcy;DDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;ZDDDDDD[I)V a (Lcy;ZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/countEntities (Ljava/lang/Class;)I a (Ljava/lang/Class;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/findNearestEntityWithinAABB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Lpk;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntities (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/loadItemData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayerEntityByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/setItemData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongholdPos (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/addTileEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V a (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setEntityState (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;B)V a (Lpk;B)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getClosestPlayerToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; a (Lpk;D)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/createExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; a (Lpk;DDDFZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/World/newExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; a (Lpk;DDDFZZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSkyColor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpk;F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCollidingBoundingBoxes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpk;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesInAABBexcluding (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpk;Laug;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntityWithOptionalForce (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playAuxSFXAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockModifiable (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lwn;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/extinguishFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lwn;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/world/World/tickUpdates (Z)Z a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/setAllowedSpawnTypes (ZZ)V a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; aa ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getSkylightSubtracted ()I ab ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLastLightningBolt ()I ac ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/isFindingSpawnPoint ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getVillageCollection ()Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageCollection; ae ()Lth;
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; af ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/World/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/World/isAnyPlayerWithinRangeAt (DDDD)Z b (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getSunBrightness (F)F b (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setSeaLevel (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunksLowestHorizon (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/World/playAuxSFX (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setWorldTime (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/World/removeWorldAccess (Lnet/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess;)V b (Lado;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/markTileEntityForRemoval (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V b (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAreaLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Z b (Laqe;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkNoEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAABBInMaterial (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z b (Laug;Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/World/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsRespectDebug (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V b (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/scheduleBlockUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V b (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/markChunkDirty (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V b (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Lcj;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isSidePowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/destroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z b (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayers (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/loadEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V b (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getPlayerEntityByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; b (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/world/World/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getEntitiesWithinAABBExcludingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Ljava/util/List; b (Lpk;Laug;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/World/tick ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getCelestialAngle (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setSkylightSubtracted (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isSpawnChunk (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V c (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/checkLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z c (Lads;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/checkBlockCollision (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z c (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getGroundAboveSeaLevel (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyNeighborsOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V c (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V c (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getRedstonePower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I c (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)I c (Lcj;Z)I
net/minecraft/world/World/unloadEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;)V c (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/addWeatherEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateAllPlayersSleepingFlag ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getCelestialAngleRadians (F)F d (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setLastLightningBolt (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isAnyLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z d (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyBlockOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V d (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockNormalCube (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z d (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/spawnEntityInWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z d (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getCloudColour (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; e (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/isFlammableWithin (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z e (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockLoaded (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateComparatorOutputLevel (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V e (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreeze (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z e (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getFogColor (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; f (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/World/getChunkFromBlockCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; f (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/World/canSnowAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z f (Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/removePlayerEntityDangerously (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/setInitialSpawnLocation ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getStarBrightness (F)F g (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/setBlockToAir (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z g (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V g (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateBlocks ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getThunderStrength (F)F h (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V h (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/joinEntityInSurroundings (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V h (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/updateEntities ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/setThunderStrength (F)V i (F)V
net/minecraft/world/World/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z i (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getRainStrength (F)F j (F)F
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z j (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; k ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/World/setRainStrength (F)V k (F)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I k (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightFromNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; m (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V n (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/getLightBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F o (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/world/World/updateWeather ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/world/World/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/World/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/getPrecipitationHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; q (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getTopSolidOrLiquidBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; r (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/World/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/World/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V t (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockFullCube (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z u (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; v ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreezeWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z v (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/isDaytime ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/world/World/canBlockFreezeNoWater (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z w (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getMoonPhase ()I x ()I
net/minecraft/world/World/checkLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z x (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/World/getCurrentMoonPhaseFactor ()F y ()F
net/minecraft/world/World/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I y (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/World/getDebugLoadedEntities ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/World/isBlockPowered (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z z (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/IWorldAccess/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; a (I)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/configurePlayerCapabilities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities;)V a (Lwl;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isAdventure ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isCreative ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/isSurvivalOrAdventure ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; values ()[Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/enableBonusChest ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; a ()Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getGameTypeById (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; a (I)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/enableCommands ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings; b ()Ladp;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/isBonusChestEnabled ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getSeed ()J d ()J
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; e ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getHardcoreEnabled ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; h ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/areCommandsAllowed ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSettings/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeForGeneratorVersion (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; a (I)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/parseWorldType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setCanBeCreated (Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; a (Z)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getTranslateName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getTranslatedInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getGeneratorVersion ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getCanBeCreated ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/isVersioned ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/getWorldTypeID ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/showWorldInfoNotice ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setVersioned ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; i ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/WorldType/setNotificationData ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; j ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lads;
net/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock; values ()[Lads;
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/getRandomChunkPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;II)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/performWorldGenSpawning (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lady;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/findChunksForSpawning (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;ZZZ)I a (Lle;ZZZ)I
net/minecraft/world/SpawnerAnimals/canCreatureTypeSpawnAtLocation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lps$a;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/removeStalePortalLocations (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/makePortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/placeInPortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/world/Teleporter/placeInExistingPortal (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Z b (Lpk;F)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; G ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/extendedLevelsInChunkCache ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getLightForExt (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getBiomeGenForCoords (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/isAirBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/ChunkCache/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/setPriority (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/setScheduledTime (J)Lnet/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry; a (J)Ladw;
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry;)I a (Ladw;)I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/NextTickListEntry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height/attenuate ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height; a ()Lady$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; values ()[Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createBiomeDecorator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator; a ()Laeb;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSkyColorByTemp (F)I a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setTemperatureRainfall (FF)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (FF)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setFillerBlockMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeFromBiomeList (ILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (ILady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/func_150557_a (IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (IZ)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$Height;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Lady$a;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Z a (Lady;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFloatTemperature (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setBiomeName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSpawnableList (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setDisableRain ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setColor (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/generateBiomeTerrain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/setEnableSnow ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; c ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/func_150563_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; c (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getEnableSnow ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/canRain ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; e (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isHighHumidity ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getSpawningChance ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getIntRainfall ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getFloatRainfall ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/isSnowyBiome ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/createMutation ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; k ()Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase/getBiomeGenArray ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; n ()[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block/getBiomeGenAt (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (II)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/cleanupCache ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/getBiomeCacheBlock (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache$Block; a (II)Ladz$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/func_180284_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (IILady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; a (Ladz;)Laec;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeCache/getCachedBiomes (II)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; c (II)[Lady;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandXP/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$1/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$2/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$3/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lady;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper$ColorResolver;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Laea$a;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeColorHelper/getWaterColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/generateOres ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genStandardOre1 (ILnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator;II)V a (ILaot;II)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lady;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genDecorations (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V a (Lady;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeDecorator/genStandardOre2 (ILnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator;II)V b (ILaot;II)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomesToSpawnIn ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getTemperatureAtHeight (FI)F a (FI)F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/areBiomesViable (IIILjava/util/List;)Z a (IIILjava/util/List;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/findBiomePosition (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Lcj;Lady;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getRainfall ([FIIII)[F a ([FIIII)[F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomesForGeneration ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/getBiomeGenAt ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIIZ)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a ([Lady;IIIIZ)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/cleanupCache ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager/loadBlockGeneratorData ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenDesert/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/mutateHills (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills; b (Lady;)Laee;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenHills/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/areBiomesViable (IIILjava/util/List;)Z a (IIILjava/util/List;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/findBiomePosition (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (IIILjava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomeGenerator (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Lcj;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getRainfall ([FIIII)[F a ([FIIII)[F
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomesForGeneration ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/getBiomeGenAt ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIIIZ)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a ([Lady;IIIIZ)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManagerHell/loadBlockGeneratorData ([Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;IIII)[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; b ([Lady;IIII)[Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$2/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest$1/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/func_150557_a (IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (IZ)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenForest/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSnow/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenJungle/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/func_180629_a (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/func_150619_a (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMesa/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)Z a (Lady;)Z
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getSpawningChance ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getBiomeClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenMutated/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenOcean/getTempCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$TempCategory; m ()Lady$b;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenPlains/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna$Mutated/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSavanna/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/pickRandomFlower (Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/getGrassColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenSwamp/getFoliageColorAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/genTerrainBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;IID)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lans;IID)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/decorate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/genBigTreeChance (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laoh;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/getRandomWorldGenForGrass (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator; b (Ljava/util/Random;)Laot;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenTaiga/createMutatedBiome (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; d (I)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenEnd/getSkyColorByTemp (F)I a (F)I
net/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeEndDecorator/genDecorations (Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V a (Lady;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAir/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil$Anvil/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onStartFalling (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)V a (Luy;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/onEndFalling (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a_ (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockAnvil/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandFill/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerStanding/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner$BlockBannerHanging/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBanner/canSpawnInBlock ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBarrier/getAmbientOcclusionLightValue ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/isInvalidNeighbor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockContainer/hasInvalidNeighbor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getSensitiveAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState0 (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/updateNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canSpawnInBlock ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBasePressurePlate/canBePlacedOn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/countAdjacentRails ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150653_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)Z a (Lafe$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180360_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)V a (Lafe$b;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/hasRailAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180364_a (ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail; a (ZZ)Lafe$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150649_b (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)Z b (Lafe$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/findRailAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail; b (Lcj;)Lafe$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150651_b ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_150645_c (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail;)V c (Lafe$a;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180363_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$Rail/func_180361_d (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection; a (I)Lafe$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/isAscending ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection; values ()[Lafe$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/func_176564_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isRailBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/isRailBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/updateColorAsync (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBeacon/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockBed$EnumPartType; values ()[Lafg$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getSafeExitLocation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Lcj;I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/hasRoomForPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getPlayerInBed (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; f (Ladm;Lcj;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/setBedBounds ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBed/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/Block$1/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$1/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$2/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$3/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$3/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$4/getStepSound ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; values ()[Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getBreakSound ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getPlaceSound ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getStepSound ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getVolume ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType/getFrequency ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block/isCollidable ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinX ()D B ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxX ()D C ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinY ()D D ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxY ()D E ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMinZ ()D F ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockBoundsMaxZ ()D G ()D
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getEnableStats ()Z J ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/disableStats ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; K ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getCreativeTabToDisplayOn ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; L ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFlowerPot ()Z M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/requiresUpdates ()Z N ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; P ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getDefaultState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; Q ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; R ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlocks ()V S ()V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setLightLevel (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBounds (FFFFFF)V a (FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlock (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/registerBlock (ILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (ILjy;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/canDropFromExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Z a (Ladi;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canReplace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/spawnAsEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/onLanded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$SoundType;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Lafh$b;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getIdFromBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I a (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isEqualTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideYZBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z a (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F a (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getPlayerRelativeBlockHardness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/setCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Lyz;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockFromItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Lzw;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/setTickRandomly (Z)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Z)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/setResistance (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; b (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropXpOnBlockBreak (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/dropBlockAsItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockSolid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideXZBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setHardness (F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c (F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockById (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c (I)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVecInsideXYBounds (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z c (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateById (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/Block/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I d (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setLightOpacity (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; e (I)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getStateId (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I f (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canSpawnInBlock ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockHardness (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F g (Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getAmbientOcclusionLightValue ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/block/Block/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/setDefaultState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V j (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/fillWithRain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V k (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/Block/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isFullBlock ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLightOpacity ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/isTranslucent ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getLightValue ()I r ()I
net/minecraft/block/Block/getUseNeighborBrightness ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/getMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; t ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/Block/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/Block/isBlockNormalCube ()Z u ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isNormalCube ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/isVisuallyOpaque ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/setBlockUnbreakable ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; x ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/Block/getTickRandomly ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/block/Block/hasTileEntity ()Z z ()Z
net/minecraft/init/Blocks/getRegisteredBlock (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/IGrowable/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBookshelf/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockBrewingStand/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBush/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/func_181088_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/notifyNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/updateBlockBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/checkForArrows (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockButton/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCactus/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/eatCake (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCake/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; l ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarrot/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; n ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/setWaterLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/fillWithRain (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V k (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCauldron/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/checkForSurroundingChests (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getLockableContainer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer; f (Ladm;Lcj;)Loo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/correctFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isDoubleChest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isBlocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z n (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isBelowSolidBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z o (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockChest/isOcelotSittingOnChest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z p (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockClay/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/dropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCocoa/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockColored/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCommandBlock/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator$Mode; values ()[Lafx$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/findItemFrame (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame; a (Ladm;Lcq;Lcj;)Luo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getActiveSignal (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/shouldBePowered (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/calculateInputStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/calculateOutput (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/onStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V k (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneComparator/isPowered (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z l (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench$InterfaceCraftingTable/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWorkbench/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getGrowthChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lafh;Ladm;Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; l ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCrops/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; n ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDifficulty/getDifficultyFromCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Loj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/updatePower (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDaylightDetector/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDeadBush/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z a (Lafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/findMinecarts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/Class;[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ladm;Lcj;Ljava/lang/Class;[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getDectectionBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/updatePoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailDetector/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getActiveSignal (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isLocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPowerOnSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPowerOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canPowerSide (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isRedstoneRepeaterBlockID (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z d (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/shouldBePowered (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isAssociated (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z e (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/calculateInputStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/notifyNeighbors (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V h (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isFacingTowardsRepeater (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z i (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/isPowered (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z l (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneDiode/getTickDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I m (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType; a (I)Lagf$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/func_181066_d ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; d ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDirt$DirtType; values ()[Lagf$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDirt/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getDispensePosition (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition; a (Lck;)Lcz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getBehavior (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem; a (Lzx;)Lcr;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/setDefaultDirection (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDispenser/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumDoorHalf; values ()[Lagh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor$EnumHingePosition; values ()[Lagh$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/toggleDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/removeHalfBit (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/combineMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I e (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; f (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpen (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isOpen (I)Z g (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; h (Ladq;Lcj;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isTop (I)Z i (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/isHingeLeft (I)Z j (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/setBoundBasedOnMeta (I)V k (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; l ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoor/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumBlockHalf; values ()[Lagi$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getMeta ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; a (I)Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; values ()[Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; R ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/placeAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lagi$b;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/onHarvest (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType; e (Ladq;Lcj;)Lagi$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/checkFall (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDragonEgg/teleport (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/getBehavior (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem; a (Lzx;)Lcr;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDropper/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/checkAdjacentBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladm;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/func_176374_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladm;Lcj;ILcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/tryFlowInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/getPossibleFlowDirections (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; f (Ladm;Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/placeStaticBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/isBlocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid/canFlowInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z h (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnchantmentTable/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortal/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEndPortalFrame/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockEnderChest/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/ITileEntityProvider/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onStartFalling (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)V a (Luy;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onEndFalling (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a_ (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/canFallInto (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFalling/checkFallable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/hasCrops (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFarmland/hasWater (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFence/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFenceGate/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isCollidable ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/requiresUpdates ()Z N ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/catchOnFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ILjava/util/Random;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;ILjava/util/Random;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/setFireInfo (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V a (Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getFlammability (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I c (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getEncouragement (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)I d (Lafh;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canDie (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canCatchFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/canNeighborCatchFire (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/init ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFire/getNeighborEncouragement (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I m (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)Z a (Lagw$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)Z a (Lagw$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; a ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getTypes (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor;)[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Lagw$b;)[Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getType (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; a (Lagw$b;I)Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getMeta ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType; values ()[Lagw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower; a ()Lagw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; values ()[Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; R ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; l ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlower/getTypeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot$EnumFlowerType; values ()[Lagx$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isFlowerPot ()Z M ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/canNotContain (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)Z a (Lafh;I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot; f (Ladm;Lcj;)Lalg;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFlowerPot/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlabNew/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleStoneSlab/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getListOfPlayerUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameMode/getGameModeFromCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; h (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockDoubleWoodSlab/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/setState (ZLnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (ZLadm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/setDefaultFacing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockFurnace/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGlowstone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockGrass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockGravel/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlabNew/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSlab$EnumBlockHalf; values ()[Lahh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isSlab (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfStoneSlab/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockBreakable/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHalfWoodSlab/isDouble ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHardenedClay/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHay/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/isEnabled (I)Z f (I)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHopper/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType; a (I)Laho$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom$EnumType; values ()[Laho$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockHugeMushroom/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/getMobilityFlag ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockIce/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/getRecord ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/setRecord (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox$TileEntityJukebox/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/hasComparatorInputOverride ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/insertRecord (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/dropRecord (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockJukebox/getComparatorInputOverride (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I l (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLadder/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/setGraphicsLevel (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getSaplingDropChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/destroy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeaves/isVisuallyOpaque ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; a (I)Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/forFacings (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; a (Lcq;Lcq;)Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLever$EnumOrientation; values ()[Lahu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/func_181090_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getMetadataForFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/func_181091_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLever/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowDirection (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)D a (Ladq;Lcj;Larm;)D
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowingBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDynamicLiquid; a (Larm;)Lagl;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getLiquidHeightPercent (I)F b (I)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isBlockSolid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getStaticBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid; b (Larm;)Lajw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/triggerMixEffects (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/checkForMixing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I e (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getEffectiveFlowDecay (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/shouldRenderSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z g (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getFlowVector (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; h (Ladq;Lcj;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLiquid/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/fromFacingAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; a (Lcq$a;)Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; values ()[Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLog/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMelon/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMobSpawner/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$1/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$2/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$3/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$4/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$5/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType$6/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; a (I)Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/forModelBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; a (Lalz;)Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getModelBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; d ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish$EnumType; values ()[Lahz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/canContainSilverfish (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSilverfish/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/func_175773_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ladk;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGameRule/getGameRules ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; d ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/generateBigMushroom (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMushroom/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockMycelium/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherBrick/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherWart/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNetherrack/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLeaf/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNewLog/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType; a (I)Laih$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/func_181068_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew$EnumType; values ()[Laih$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlabNew/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/getRenderType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockNote/getInstrument (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockObsidian/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/dropApple (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getWoodType (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; b (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getSaplingDropChance (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLeaf/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOldLog/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockOre/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPackedIce/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; a (I)Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType; values ()[Laio$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_181100_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150857_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I a (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_180120_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcj;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_181101_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I b (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150858_a ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)I c (Laip$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150860_b ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; d (Laip$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/func_150859_c ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPortal$Size;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; e (Laip$a;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getMetaForAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)I a (Lcq$a;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/func_176548_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/func_181089_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; f (Ladm;Lcj;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPortal/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/getSeed ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; l ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPotato/getCrop ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; n ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCompressedPowered/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z a (Lafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/func_176566_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;ZI)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;ZI)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/func_176567_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZILnet/minecraft/block/BlockRailBase$EnumRailDirection;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;ZILafe$b;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRailPowered/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate$Sensitivity; values ()[Lait$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlate/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType; a (I)Laiu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine$EnumType; values ()[Laiu$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPrismarine/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getGolemBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; T ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getGolemPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; U ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/canDispenserPlace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/trySpawnGolem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getSnowmanBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; l ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPumpkin/getSnowmanPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; n ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType; a (I)Laiw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz$EnumType; values ()[Laiw$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockQuartz/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/onNeighborChangedInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRail/getShapeProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; l ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType; a (I)Laiz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone$EnumType; values ()[Laiz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedSandstone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandGive/getPlayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/activate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/spawnParticles (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneOre/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition; values ()[Lajb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getMaxCurrentStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladm;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/calculateCurrentChanges (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lalz;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/colorMultiplier (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getAttachPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire$EnumAttachPosition; c (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Lajb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/func_176339_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z d (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectUpwardsTo (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z d (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/notifyWireNeighborsOfStateChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/updateSurroundingRedstone (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canConnectUpwardsTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneWire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneLight/createStackedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i (Lalz;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isBurnedOut (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/isAssociatedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/shouldBeOff (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneTorch/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockReed/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/isLocked (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/canPowerSide (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getDelay (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getPoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; e (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockRedstoneRepeater/getUnpoweredState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; k (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType; a (I)Lajh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSand$EnumType; values ()[Lajh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSand/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType; a (I)Laji$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone$EnumType; values ()[Laji$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSandStone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/func_181624_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;IILnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;IILaio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/isTypeAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPlanks$EnumType;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Laio$a;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/generateTree (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSapling/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSeaLantern/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSign/canSpawnInBlock ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState;)Z a (Lamc;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/checkWitherSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalo;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/canDispenserPlace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getWitherBasePattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; l ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSkull/getWitherPattern ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; n ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onFallenUpon (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/onLanded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSlime/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnowBlock/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getBoundsForLayers (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/checkAndDropBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSnow/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSoulSand/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/absorb (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/tryAbsorb (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockSponge/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlass/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStainedGlassPane/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumHalf; values ()[Laju$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStairs$EnumShape; values ()[Laju$b;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isCollidable ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/modifyAcceleration (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpk;Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isSameStair (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/canCollideCheck (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F a (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMixedBrightnessForBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isBlockStairs (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/setBaseCollisionBounds (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176307_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176305_g (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I g (Ladq;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176306_h (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z h (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/func_176304_i (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z i (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStairs/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStandingSign/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/isSurroundingBlockFlammable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/updateLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStaticLiquid/getCanBlockBurn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z m (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/growStem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V g (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStem/getSeedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; l ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType; a (I)Lajy$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/func_181072_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStone$EnumType; values ()[Lajy$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStone/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType; a (I)Lajz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick$EnumType; values ()[Lajz$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneBrick/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; d ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHelp/getSortedPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; d (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType; a (I)Lakb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/func_181074_c ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; c ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab$EnumType; values ()[Lakb$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockStoneSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/getMeta ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType; a (I)Lakc$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass$EnumType; values ()[Lakc$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getOffsetType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block$EnumOffsetType; R ()Lafh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/quantityDroppedWithBonus (ILjava/util/Random;)I a (ILjava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canGrow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canUseBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/grow (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTallGrass/getDamageValue (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I j (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/canPaneConnectToBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPane/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/canDropFromExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Z a (Ladi;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockDestroyedByExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Ladi;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/explode (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTNT/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/randomDisplayTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/onNeighborChangeInternal (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTorch/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLeavesBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor$DoorHalf; values ()[Lakh$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getMetaForFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getSelectedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isValidSupportBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTrapDoor/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isConnectedTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z c (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/updateState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/notifyHook (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWire/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/randomTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_176260_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;ZZILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;ZZILalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_176262_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/func_180694_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;ZZZZ)V a (Ladm;Lcj;ZZZZ)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getWeakPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getStrongPower (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I b (Ladq;Lcj;Lalz;Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/canProvidePower ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockTripWireHook/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isReplaceable (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/harvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lalz;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getPropertyFor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool; a (Lcq;)Lamk;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/updateTick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getNumGrownFaces (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I d (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/recheckGrownSides (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockVine/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType; a (I)Lakl$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockWall$EnumType; values ()[Lakl$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getActualState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isPassable (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/canConnectTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladq;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWall/getLocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWallSign/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getBlockColor ()I H ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/colorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Ladq;Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/canPlaceBlockOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z f (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockLilyPad/getRenderColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I h (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/canSilkHarvest ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/onEntityCollidedWithBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockWeb/getBlockLayer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer; m ()Ladf;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/tickRate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/setRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/getRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I e (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPressurePlateWeighted/computeRedstoneStrength (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Ladm;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getVariant (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getUnlocalizedName (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockWoodSlab/getVariantProperty ()Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty; n ()Lamo;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/damageDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I a (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getSubBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsFromMeta (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/canBlockStay (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/checkForDrop (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/getMapColor (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; g (Lalz;)Larn;
net/minecraft/block/BlockCarpet/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockYellowFlower/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerColor; l ()Lagw$b;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternByID (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Laku$a;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getPatternID ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getCraftingLayers ()[Ljava/lang/String; c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/hasValidCrafting ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/hasCraftingStack ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/getCraftingStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; f ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner$EnumBannerPattern; values ()[Laku$a;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/setBaseColorAndPatterns (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V a (Ldn;ILdu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/setItemValues (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getBaseColor ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getBaseColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatternList ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatterns (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I c (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatterns ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; d ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getColorList ()Ljava/util/List; e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/removeBannerData (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V e (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getPatternResourceLocation ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/initializeBannerData ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/incrementHeight ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/getColors ()[F b ()[F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon$BeamSegment/getHeight ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/addEffectsToPlayers ()V A ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/updateSegmentColors ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/receiveClientEvent (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/func_183001_h (I)I h (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/updateBeacon ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getBeamSegments ()Ljava/util/List; n ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/shouldBeamRender ()F o ()F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getMaxRenderDistanceSquared ()D s ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/validate ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/updateContainingBlockInfo ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/func_183000_F ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/access$000 ()Ljava/util/Map; G ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getDistanceSq (DDD)D a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/setWorldObj (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/addInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/setPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/receiveClientEvent (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/createAndLoadEntity (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; c (Ldn;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getMaxRenderDistanceSquared ()D s ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/hasWorldObj ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getBlockMetadata ()I u ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; v ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; w ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/isInvalid ()Z x ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/invalidate ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; z ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getPotionResult (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I c (ILzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/func_174902_m ()[Z m ()[Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/canBrew ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/brewPotions ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBrewingStand/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/updateContainingBlockInfo ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/func_174910_a (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Laky;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getAdjacentChest (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest; a (Lcq;)Laky;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/isChestAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/receiveClientEvent (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/checkForAdjacentChests ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getChestType ()I n ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest/invalidate ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/setCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/updateCommand ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock$1/func_145751_f ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/func_183000_F ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getCommandBlockLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic; b ()Ladc;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getCommandResultStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; c ()Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityCommandBlock/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandServerKick/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/setOutputSignal (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/getOutputSignal ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityComparator/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDaylightDetector/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/addItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getDispenseSlot ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDropper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/canBeUsed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/openChest ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/receiveClientEvent (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/closeChest ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest/invalidate ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/setFlowerPotData (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)V a (Lzw;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getFlowerPotItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; b ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getFlowerPotData ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFlowerPot/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setCustomInventoryName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isBurning (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)Z a (Log;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getCookTime (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getItemBurnTime (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isItemFuel (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z c (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/isBurning ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/smeltItem ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/canSmelt ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityFurnace/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getXPos ()D A ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getYPos ()D B ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getZPos ()D C ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; z ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getXPos ()D A ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getYPos ()D B ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getZPos ()D C ()D
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryForHopperTransfer ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; H ()Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/func_181556_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDD)Ljava/util/List; a (Ladm;DDD)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/captureDroppedItems (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;)Z a (Lali;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/pullItemFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lali;Log;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isInventoryFull (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Log;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/putDropInInventoryAllSlots (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Z a (Log;Luz;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canInsertItemInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/putStackInInventoryAllSlots (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Log;Lzx;Lcq;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canCombine (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryAtPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; b (Ladm;DDD)Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getHopperInventory (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/IHopper;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; b (Lali;)Log;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isInventoryEmpty (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Log;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/canExtractItemFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/insertStack (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; c (Log;Lzx;ILcq;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/setTransferCooldown (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/updateHopper ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isOnTransferCooldown ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/mayTransfer ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isEmpty ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/isFull ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityHopper/transferItemsOut ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityLockable/isLocked ()Z r_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/func_98267_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/setRandomEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic$WeightedRandomMinecart;)V a (Ladd$a;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/func_183000_F ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/getSpawnerBaseLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic; b ()Ladd;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/receiveClientEvent (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/triggerNote (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/changePitch ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityNote/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign$2/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/func_183000_F ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; a (Laln;)Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/setPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/setEditable (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getIsEditable ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z b (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; c ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; d ()Ln;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setType (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setPlayerProfile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getPlayerProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/setSkullRotation (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/updateGameprofile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getSkullType ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getSkullRotation ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/updatePlayerProfile ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull/getDescriptionPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; y_ ()Lff;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockEventReceived (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;II)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;II)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockPlacedBy (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lpr;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/shouldBeExtended (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockPlaced (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFFILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFFILpr;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/doMove (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getFacingFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lpr;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/canPush (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)Z a (Lafh;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Z)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getStateForEntityRender (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/onBlockAdded (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/checkForMove (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonBase/setBlockBoundsForItemRender ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension$EnumPistonType; values ()[Lalt$a;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/addCollisionBoxesToList (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/onBlockHarvested (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/shouldSideBeRendered (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Ladq;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/quantityDropped (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getFacing (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/applyHeadBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonExtension/applyCoreBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V e (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getProgress (F)F a (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/launchWithSlimeBlock (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getPistonState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetX (F)F b (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetY (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/isExtending ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getOffsetZ (F)F d (F)F
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; e ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/shouldPistonHeadBeRendered ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/clearPistonTileEntity ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston/getBlockMetadata ()I u ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getStateFromMeta (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;I)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Ladm;I)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getCollisionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/dropBlockAsItemWithChance (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FI)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FI)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;FLcq;)Laug;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onNeighborBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onBlockActivated (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;Lwn;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/collisionRayTrace (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lcj;Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/setBlockBoundsBasedOnState (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladq;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/newTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Lalz;Lcq;ZZ)Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getItemDropped (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lalz;Ljava/util/Random;I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/breakBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/isOpaqueCube ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getItem (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ladm;Lcj;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getMetaFromState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)I c (Lalz;)I
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/isFullCube ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/canPlaceBlockAt (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/onBlockDestroyedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V d (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/createBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockState; e ()Lama;
net/minecraft/block/BlockPistonMoving/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston; e (Ladq;Lcj;)Lalu;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/canMove ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177255_a (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177251_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/func_177250_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/getBlocksToMove ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockPistonStructureHelper/getBlocksToDestroy ()Ljava/util/List; d ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase$1/apply (Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/cycleProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lamo;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/cyclePropertyValue (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockStateBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getPropertyNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/cycleProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lamo;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/withProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getProperties ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap; b ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/Comparable; b (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/Comparable;
net/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandKill/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/compare (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)I a (Lamo;Lamo;)I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$2/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getPropertyNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/withProperty (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/buildPropertyValueTable (Ljava/util/Map;)V a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getProperties ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap; b ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableMap;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Ljava/lang/Comparable; b (Lamo;)Ljava/lang/Comparable;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getPropertiesWithValue (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Lamo;Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState$StateImplementation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getValidStates ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableList; a ()Lcom/google/common/collect/ImmutableList;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getBaseState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; c ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getProperties ()Ljava/util/Collection; d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/List; e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockState/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState;)Z a (Lamc;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/hasState (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; a (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; b ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/load (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState; a (Lcj;)Lamc;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$CacheLoader/load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/translateOffset (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/BlockWorldState; a (III)Lamc;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getFinger ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/getThumb ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/func_181118_d ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/func_181119_e ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/match (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; a (Ladm;Lcj;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/func_181627_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Z)Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache; a (Ladm;Z)Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/translateOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lcj;Lcq;Lcq;III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/checkPatternAt (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern$PatternHelper; a (Lcj;Lcq;Lcq;Lcom/google/common/cache/LoadingCache;)Lamd$b;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/getThumbLength ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern/getPalmLength ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/start ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; a ()Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/where (CLcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; a (CLcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/aisle ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern; a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lame;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/build ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockPattern; b ()Lamd;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/makePredicateArray ()[[[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; c ()[[[Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/FactoryBlockPattern/checkMissingPredicates ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/forBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper; a (Lafh;)Lamg;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockHelper/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/forBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper; a (Lafh;)Lamh;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/apply (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/where (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper; a (Lamo;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lamh;
net/minecraft/block/state/pattern/BlockStateHelper/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/getValueClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; b ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyHelper/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getName (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/create (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lamk;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyDirection; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Laml;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getName (Ljava/lang/Enum;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Enum;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/create (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;[Ljava/lang/Enum;)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;[Ljava/lang/Enum;)Lamm;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyEnum/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getName (Ljava/lang/Integer;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Integer;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/create (Ljava/lang/String;II)Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger; a (Ljava/lang/String;II)Lamn;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyInteger/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getName (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Comparable;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getValueClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; b ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty/getAllowedValues ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/getID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus; values ()[Lamr;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/EnumBorderStatus; a ()Lamr;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setTransition (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setTransition (DDJ)V a (DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setSize (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/addListener (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/IBorderListener;)V a (Lamq;)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/contains (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getClosestDistance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)D a (Lpk;)D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/minX ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setDamageBuffer (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getClosestDistance (DD)D b (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setWarningTime (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/minZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setDamageAmount (D)V c (D)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setCenter (DD)V c (DD)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/setWarningDistance (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/maxX ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/maxZ ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getCenterX ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getCenterZ ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDiameter ()D h ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getTimeUntilTarget ()J i ()J
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getTargetSize ()D j ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getListeners ()Ljava/util/List; k ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getSize ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDamageBuffer ()D m ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getDamageAmount ()D n ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getResizeSpeed ()D o ()D
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getWarningTime ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder/getWarningDistance ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getData ()[B a ()[B
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getFromIndex (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/setIndex (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/get (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/set (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/isLowerNibble (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getCoordinateIndex (III)I b (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray/getNibbleIndex (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/generateHeightMap ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/isAtLocation (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getRandomWithSeed (J)Ljava/util/Random; a (J)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getLightSubtracted (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Lcj;Lamy$a;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getEntitiesOfTypeWithinAAAB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/addEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeEntityAtIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getEntitiesWithinAABBForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V a (Lpk;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/needsSaving (Z)Z a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/generateSkylightMap ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getHeightValue (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlockLightOpacity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/onChunkLoad ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getAreLevelsEmpty (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/getBlockMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/onChunkUnload ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/setChunkModified ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/EmptyChunk/isEmpty ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType; values ()[Lamy$a;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/generateHeightMap ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isAtLocation (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/updateSkylightNeighborHeight (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getRandomWithSeed (J)Ljava/util/Random; a (J)Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lads;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLightFor (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumSkyBlock;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lads;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Lcj;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLightSubtracted (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I a (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBiome (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase; a (Lcj;Laec;)Lady;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lcj;Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lcj;Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk$EnumCreateEntityType;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; a (Lcj;Lamy$a;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_180700_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntitiesOfTypeWithinAAAB (Ljava/lang/Class;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/addEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeEntityAtIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntitiesWithinAABBForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V a (Lpk;Laug;Ljava/util/List;Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/needsSaving (Z)Z a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setBiomeArray ([B)V a ([B)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/fillChunk ([BIZ)V a ([BIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setHeightMap ([I)V a ([I)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setStorageArrays ([Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage;)V a ([Lamz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/generateSkylightMap ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeightValue (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLastSaveTime (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockLightOpacity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150804_b (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/onChunkLoad ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getAreLevelsEmpty (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/checkSkylightNeighborHeight (III)V c (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setInhabitedTime (J)V c (J)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setChunkLoaded (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/onChunkUnload ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/propagateSkylightOcclusion (II)V d (II)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/relightBlock (III)V d (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/canSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z d (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setTerrainPopulated (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setChunkModified ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150811_f (II)Z e (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockLightOpacity (III)I e (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/removeTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V e (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setLightPopulated (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isEmpty ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlock0 (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; f (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I f (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setModified (Z)V f (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTopFilledSegment ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockMetadata (III)I g (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; g (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/setHasEntities (Z)V g (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBlockStorageArray ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage; h ()[Lamz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getPrecipitationHeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; h (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/recheckGaps (Z)V h (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isPopulated ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/createNewTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; i (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getChunkCoordIntPair ()Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; j ()Ladg;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getBiomeArray ()[B k ()[B
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/resetRelightChecks ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/enqueueRelightChecks ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_150809_p ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLoaded ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; p ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getHeightMap ()[I q ()[I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getTileEntityMap ()Ljava/util/Map; r ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getEntityLists ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap; s ()[Lne;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isTerrainPopulated ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/isLightPopulated ()Z u ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getLowestHeight ()I v ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/getInhabitedTime ()J w ()J
net/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk/func_177441_y ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/isEmpty ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/get (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setExtSkylightValue (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/set (IIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (IIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setBlocklightArray (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray;)V a (Lamw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setData ([C)V a ([C)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getNeedsRandomTick ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getBlockByExtId (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; b (III)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setExtBlocklightValue (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/setSkylightArray (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray;)V b (Lamw;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtBlockMetadata (III)I c (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getYLocation ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtSkylightValue (III)I d (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/removeInvalidBlocks ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getExtBlocklightValue (III)I e (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getData ()[C g ()[C
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getBlocklightArray ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray; h ()Lamw;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ExtendedBlockStorage/getSkylightArray ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/NibbleArray; i ()Lamw;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListBans/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/NibbleArrayReader/get (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/chunkTick ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/loadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Ladm;II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveExtraData ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader/saveExtraChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V b (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader/convertToAnvilFormat (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;)V a (Lang$a;Ldn;Laec;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader/load (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/ChunkLoader$AnvilConverterData; a (Ldn;)Lang$a;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile$ChunkBuffer/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getChunkDataInputStream (II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream; a (II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/setOffset (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/write (II[BI)V a (II[BI)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/write (I[BI)V a (I[BI)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getChunkDataOutputStream (II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream; b (II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/setChunkTimestamp (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/close ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/isChunkSaved (II)Z c (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/outOfBounds (II)Z d (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile/getOffset (II)I e (II)I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/clearRegionFileReferences ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/createOrLoadRegionFile (Ljava/io/File;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFile; a (Ljava/io/File;II)Lanh;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/getChunkInputStream (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream; c (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataInputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/RegionFileCache/getChunkOutputStream (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream; d (Ljava/io/File;II)Ljava/io/DataOutputStream;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/chunkTick ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/addChunkToPending (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ladg;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/loadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Ladm;II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/checkedReadChunkFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Ladm;IILdn;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/readChunkFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Ladm;Ldn;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/writeChunkToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lamy;Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveExtraData ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/func_183013_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ladg;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/saveExtraChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V b (Ladm;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilChunkLoader/writeNextIO ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/generateLightBrightnessTable ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/calcSunriseSunsetColors (FF)[F a (FF)[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getProviderForDimension (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider; a (I)Lanm;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getMoonPhase (J)I a (J)I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/registerWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/registerWorldChunkManager ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/doesXZShowFog (II)Z b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isSurfaceWorld ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/canRespawnHere ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getCloudHeight ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/isSkyColored ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; h ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getAverageGroundLevel ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getVoidFogYFactor ()D j ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; m ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/doesWaterVaporize ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getHasNoSky ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getLightBrightnessTable ()[F p ()[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getDimensionId ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProvider/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; r ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/getCenterX ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell$1/getCenterZ ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/generateLightBrightnessTable ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/registerWorldChunkManager ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/doesXZShowFog (II)Z b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/isSurfaceWorld ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/canRespawnHere ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderHell/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; r ()Lams;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderSurface/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/calcSunriseSunsetColors (FF)[F a (FF)[F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/canCoordinateBeSpawn (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/calculateCelestialAngle (JF)F a (JF)F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/registerWorldChunkManager ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getFogColor (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/doesXZShowFog (II)Z b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/createChunkGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; c ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/isSurfaceWorld ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/canRespawnHere ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getCloudHeight ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/isSkyColored ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; h ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getAverageGroundLevel ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getDimensionName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/WorldProviderEnd/getInternalNameSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/func_180707_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenRavine/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/getBlockState (I)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (I)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/getBlockState (III)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (III)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/setBlockState (IIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (IIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer/setBlockState (ILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (ILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/func_177863_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/jsonToFactory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lant$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/func_177864_b ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings; b ()Lant;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lant$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Factory; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lant$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderSettings$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/func_177461_b (II)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; b (II)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderDebug/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderFlat/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/func_180515_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/initializeNoiseField ([DIIIIII)[D a ([DIIIIII)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/func_180516_b (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V b (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderHell/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_180703_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDD)V a (JIILans;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_180702_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCaves/func_175793_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lalz;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenBase/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Lamv;Ladm;IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/func_180705_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDD)V a (JIILans;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/func_180704_a (JIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;DDDFFFIID)V a (JIILans;DDDFFFIID)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/MapGenCavesHell/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandListPlayers/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/func_147423_a (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/setBlocksInChunk (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/replaceBlocksForBiome (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;[Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;)V a (IILans;[Lady;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderGenerate/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/func_180520_a (IILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (IILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/func_180519_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Lans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/initializeNoiseField ([DIIIIII)[D a ([DIIIIII)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderEnd/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_175921_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_180711_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenAbstractTree/func_150523_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree$FoliageCoordinates/func_177999_q ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNodeList ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/layerSize (I)F a (I)F
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNode (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_181631_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lcj;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/checkBlockLine (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lcj;Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175937_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeaves ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafSize (I)F b (I)F
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/getGreatestDistance (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175938_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockLog$EnumAxis; b (Lcj;Lcj;)Lahw$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateTrunk ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/leafNodeNeedsBase (I)Z c (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/generateLeafNodeBases ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/func_175904_e ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigTree/validTreeLocation ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenForest/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBlockBlob/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGeneratorBonusChest/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/GeneratorBushFeature/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCactus/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenClay/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDeadBush/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDesertWells/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/setPlantType (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoublePlant$EnumPlantType;)V a (Lagi$b;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDoublePlant/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/setBlockAndNotifyAdequately (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenerator/func_175904_e ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/setGeneratedBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower;Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockFlower$EnumFlowerType;)V a (Lagw;Lagw$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFlowers/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenShrub/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenFire/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone2/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHellLava/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenBigMushroom/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessage/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIcePath/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenIceSpike/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLakes/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenGlowStone1/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/func_181632_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaJungle/func_175930_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V c (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_150541_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V a (Ladm;IIIILjava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_180711_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_175933_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMegaPineTree/func_175934_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175925_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175929_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175927_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z a (Lcj;Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_150533_a (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175928_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenHugeTrees/func_175926_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z c (Ladm;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMelon/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/pickMobSpawner (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenDungeons/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenMinable/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga1/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenPumpkin/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenReed/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_150526_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;III)V a (Ladm;III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_181638_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/func_181639_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenCanopyTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSand/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/func_181642_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSavannaTree/func_175924_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V c (Ladm;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSpikes/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenLiquids/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTaiga2/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/func_181647_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenSwamp/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTallGrass/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181652_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Ladm;ILcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181651_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/func_181650_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/PropertyBool;)V b (Ladm;Lcj;Lamk;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenTrees/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenVines/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/feature/WorldGenWaterlily/generate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getBiome ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/setBiome (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_180716_a (ILjava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; a (ILjava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_180715_a (ILjava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo; a (ILjava/lang/String;I)Laqa;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/createFlatGeneratorFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lapz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getWorldFeatures ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getFlatLayers ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/func_82645_d ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/getDefaultFlatGenerator ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; e ()Lapz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandMessageRaw/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerCount ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/setMinY (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; c ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getMinY ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getLayerMaterialBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; e ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/getFillBlockMeta ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getNewBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/offset (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/intersectsWith (IIII)Z a (IIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/func_175899_a (IIIIII)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (IIIIII)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getComponentToAddBoundingBox (IIIIIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (IIIIIIIIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/intersectsWith (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/func_175896_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; b ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/expandTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V b (Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/isVecInside (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Z b (Ldf;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getXSize ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getYSize ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getZSize ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/getCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; f ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/toNBTTagIntArray ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray; g ()Lds;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenMineshaft/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/generateChestContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/func_175814_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/func_175813_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Cross/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/func_181138_a (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Room/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/func_175812_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces$Stairs/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/registerStructurePieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/func_175892_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/access$100 ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureMineshaftPieces/func_175890_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenNetherBridge/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3/func_175885_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing3; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/func_175884_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$b;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$End/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight/func_175882_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Straight; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3/func_175883_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor3; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$d;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4/func_175880_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor4; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$e;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance/func_175881_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Entrance; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$f;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2/func_175878_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing2; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/func_175879_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5/func_175877_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor5; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$i;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/func_175876_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Corridor2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom/func_175875_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$NetherStalkRoom; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$k;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/func_175874_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILcq;)Laqj$l;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Throne/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/isAboveGround (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/func_175871_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/func_175870_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;IZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentNormal (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getTotalWeight (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentX (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece/getNextComponentZ (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; c (Laqj$q;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIZ)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/func_78823_a ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight/func_78822_a (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing/func_175873_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Crossing; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$o;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs/func_175872_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Stairs; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILcq;)Laqj$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Start/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/registerNetherFortressPieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; a (Laqj$n;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$100 ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight; b ()[Laqj$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/func_175887_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$Piece; b (Laqj$n;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqj$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces/access$200 ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureNetherBridgePieces$PieceWeight; c ()[Laqj$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175787_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)V b (Ladg;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/func_175789_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;II)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument$StartMonument/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getScatteredFeatureSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonument/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$XYDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$YZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$ZDoubleRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$FitSimpleRoomTopHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175836_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175840_a (ZILnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V a (ZILadm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175839_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V b (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175837_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V c (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175841_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V d (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175835_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V e (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175842_f (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V f (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentBuilding/func_175838_g (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V g (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper/func_175969_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)Z a (Laql$v;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentRoomFitHelper/func_175968_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece; a (Lcq;Laql$v;Ljava/util/Random;)Laql$r;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$MonumentCoreRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleXYRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleYZRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$DoubleZRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$EntryRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Penthouse/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175817_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;III)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;III)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175819_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_181655_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIIZ)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175821_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIZ)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175818_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIII)Z a (Laqe;IIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/func_175820_a (III)I b (III)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$Piece/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$SimpleTopRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$WingRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175958_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175959_a (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175957_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition;)V a (Lcq;Laql$v;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175961_b ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces$RoomDefinition/func_175960_c ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureOceanMonumentPieces/registerOceanMonumentPieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/func_175798_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getScatteredFeatureSpawnList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenScatteredFeature/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$DesertPyramid/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid$Stones/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$JunglePyramid/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/func_74935_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;I)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$Feature/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces$SwampHut/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/ComponentScatteredFeaturePieces/registerScatteredFeaturePieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStronghold/getCoordList ()Ljava/util/List; z_ ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$1/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$2/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/func_175868_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$ChestCorridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/func_175869_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Corridor/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/func_175866_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Crossing/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn/func_175867_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$LeftTurn; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$d;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/func_175864_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$e;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Library/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreStructures ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreStructuresOfType (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/func_175865_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$PortalRoom/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison/func_175860_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Prison; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RightTurn/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/func_175859_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$RoomCrossing/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/func_175863_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$l;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2/getBoundingBoxCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/func_175862_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Straight/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight/func_175861_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$StairsStraight; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$o;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; values ()[Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/placeDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door;III)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;Laqp$p$a;III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/canStrongholdGoDeeper (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentNormal (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getRandomDoor (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold$Door; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Laqp$p$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentX (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold/getNextComponentZ (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; c (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/registerStrongholdPieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$102 (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175954_a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/prepareStructurePieces ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175955_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stronghold; b (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqp$p;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/access$200 ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stones; c ()Laqp$k;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/func_175953_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces$Stairs2;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; c (Laqp$m;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStrongholdPieces/canAddStructurePieces ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/setStructureStart (IILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart;)V a (IILaqu;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/initializeStructureData (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/recursiveGenerate (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIIILnet/minecraft/world/chunk/ChunkPrimer;)V a (Ladm;IIIILans;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/isPositionInStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getClosestStrongholdPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/func_175795_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/func_175797_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; c (Lcj;)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructure/getCoordList ()Ljava/util/List; z_ ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureComponentName (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Laqt;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureStartName (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Laqu;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureStart (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; a (Ldn;Ladm;)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/registerStructureComponent (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/getStructureComponent (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Ldn;Ladm;)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureIO/registerStructure (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/writeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;II)V a (Ldn;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/formatChunkCoords (II)Ljava/lang/String; b (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenStructureData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector/selectBlocks (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V a (Ljava/util/Random;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBoundingBoxCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getXWithOffset (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/func_181138_a (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBlockStateFromPos (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Ladm;IIILaqe;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V a (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/isLiquidInStructureBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithAir (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIII)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/randomlyRareFillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/fillWithRandomizedBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIIZLjava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent$BlockSelector;)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIIZLjava/util/Random;Laqt$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/func_175805_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;FIIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;FIIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/randomlyPlaceBlock (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;FIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;FIIILalz;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/generateDispenserContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILjava/util/List;I)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/placeDoorCurrentPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/generateChestContents (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z a (Ladm;Laqe;Ljava/util/Random;IIILjava/util/List;I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/readStructureBaseNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getMetadataWithOffset (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)I a (Lafh;I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/findIntersecting (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Ljava/util/List;Laqe;)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/createStructureBaseNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getZWithOffset (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/clearCurrentPositionBlocksUpwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V b (Ladm;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/replaceAirAndLiquidDownwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V b (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; c ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getComponentType ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent/getYWithOffset (I)I d (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a ()Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/writeStructureComponentsToNBT (II)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (II)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/func_175788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)Z a (Ladg;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/readStructureComponentsFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ladm;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/markAvailableHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;I)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;I)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/setRandomHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;II)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/generateStructure (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getComponents ()Ljava/util/LinkedList; b ()Ljava/util/LinkedList;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/func_175787_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair;)V b (Ladg;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/updateBoundingBox ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/isSizeableStructure ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getChunkPosX ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart/getChunkPosZ ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage$Start/isSizeableStructure ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/getStructureName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/canSpawnStructureAtCoords (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/MapGenVillage/getStructureStart (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureStart; b (II)Laqu;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/func_175850_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House1/func_180779_c (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/func_175851_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$b;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/func_151559_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field1/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/func_175852_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$c;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/func_151560_a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Field2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Torch/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Torch/func_175856_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreVillagePieces ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight/canSpawnMoreVillagePiecesOfType (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/func_175857_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$f;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Hall/func_180779_c (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/func_175858_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$g;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House4Garden/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/func_175853_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$h;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$WoodHut/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/func_175854_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$i;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Church/func_180779_c (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/func_175855_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$j;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House2/func_180779_c (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start/getWorldChunkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager; e ()Laec;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/func_175848_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;)Laqe;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Path/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3/func_175849_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$House3; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$m;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/setBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V a (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/spawnVillagers (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIII)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/fillWithBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;IIIIIILnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Z)V a (Ladm;Laqe;IIIIIILalz;Lalz;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_175847_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a (Lalz;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/canVillageGoDeeper (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getNextComponentNN (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/writeStructureToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_175846_a (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/replaceAirAndLiquidDownwards (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;IIILnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)V b (Ladm;Lalz;IIILaqe;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getAverageGroundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)I b (Ladm;Laqe;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/getNextComponentPP (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;II)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/readStructureFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village/func_180779_c (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Well/addComponentParts (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;)Z a (Ladm;Ljava/util/Random;Laqe;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Well/buildComponent (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Laqt;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/registerVillagePieces ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176065_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$PieceWeight;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village; a (Laqw$k;Laqw$e;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; a (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_75079_a (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/getStructureVillageWeightedPieceList (Ljava/util/Random;I)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Random;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; b (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176067_c (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Village; c (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqw$n;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176066_d (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; d (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces/func_176069_e (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureVillagePieces$Start;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureComponent; e (Laqw$k;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Random;IIILcq;I)Laqt;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandOp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/func_76309_a (IDD)D a (IDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/grad (IDDD)D a (IDDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/populateNoiseArray ([DDDDIIIDDDD)V a ([DDDDIIIDDDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorImproved/lerp (DDD)D b (DDD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generateNoiseOctaves ([DIIIIDDD)[D a ([DIIIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorOctaves/generateNoiseOctaves ([DIIIIIIDDD)[D a ([DIIIIIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151601_a (DD)D a (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151599_a ([DDDIIDDD)[D a ([DDDIIDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorPerlin/func_151600_a ([DDDIIDDDD)[D a ([DDDIIDDDD)[D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151607_a (D)I a (D)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151605_a (DD)D a (DD)D
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151606_a ([DDDIIDDD)V a ([DDDIIDDD)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/NoiseGeneratorSimplex/func_151604_a ([IDD)D a ([IDD)D
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/isSolid ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/blocksLight ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLogic/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/isSolid ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/blocksLight ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialTransparent/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/isSolid ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialLiquid/isLiquid ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material$1/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isSolid ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/blocksLight ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isLiquid ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setRequiresTool ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; f ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setBurning ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; g ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getCanBurn ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setReplaceable ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; i ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isReplaceable ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isOpaque ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/isToolNotRequired ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getMaterialMobility ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setNoPushMobility ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; n ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setImmovableMobility ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; o ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setAdventureModeExempt ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; p ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/getMaterialMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; r ()Larn;
net/minecraft/block/material/Material/setTranslucent ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material; s ()Larm;
net/minecraft/block/material/MapColor/getMapColor (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/isSolid ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/blocksLight ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/block/material/MaterialPortal/blocksMovement ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerDeepOcean/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge$Mode; values ()[Larr$a;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsCoolWarm (IIII)[I c (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsHeatIce (IIII)[I d (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerEdge/getIntsSpecial (IIII)[I e (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddIsland/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddMushroomIsland/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerAddSnow/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/replaceBiomeEdgeIfNecessary ([I[IIIIIII)Z a ([I[IIIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/canBiomesBeNeighbors (II)Z b (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiomeEdge/replaceBiomeEdge ([I[IIIIIII)Z b ([I[IIIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerBiome/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonIp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerFuzzyZoom/selectModeOrRandom (IIII)I b (IIII)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/resetIntCache ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/getIntCache (I)[I a (I)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/IntCache/getCacheSizes ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerIsland/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/nextInt (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/biomesEqualOrMesaPlateau (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initWorldGenSeed (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initChunkSeed (JJ)V a (JJ)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/initializeAllBiomeGenerators (JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer; a (JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)[Lase;
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/selectRandom ([I)I a ([I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/isBiomeOceanic (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer/selectModeOrRandom (IIII)I b (IIII)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRareBiome/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerHills/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRemoveTooMuchOcean/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverInit/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiver/func_151630_c (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerRiverMix/initWorldGenSeed (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151632_a ([I[IIIIII)V a ([I[IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151631_c (I)Z c (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerShore/func_151633_d (I)Z d (I)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerSmooth/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerVoronoiZoom/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom/getInts (IIII)[I a (IIII)[I
net/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayerZoom/magnify (JLnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/layer/GenLayer; b (JLase;I)Lase;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/clearPath ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/sortBack (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/addPoint (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lasv;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/changeDistance (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)V a (Lasv;F)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/sortForward (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/dequeue ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; c ()Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/Path/isPathEmpty ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/isAssigned ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/makeHash (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)F a (Lasv;)F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/distanceToSquared (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)F b (Lasv;)F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/postProcess ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/openPoint (III)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (III)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/NodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/incrementPathIndex ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getPathPointFromIndex (I)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (I)Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isSamePath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity;)Z a (Lasx;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getPosition (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpk;)Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getVectorFromIndex (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpk;I)Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isFinished ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/setCurrentPathLength (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/isDestinationSame (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getFinalPathPoint ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; c ()Lasv;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/setCurrentPathIndex (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getCurrentPathLength ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity/getCurrentPathIndex ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDF)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Ladq;Lpk;DDDF)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Ladq;Lpk;Lcj;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPathTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Ladq;Lpk;Lpk;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/createEntityPath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lasv;Lasv;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder/addToPath (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)Lasx;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/postProcess ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/getSafePoint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;III)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/SwimNodeProcessor/func_176186_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)I b (Lpk;III)I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPardonPlayer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/postProcess ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/initProcessor (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Ladq;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/func_176170_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIIIIIZZZ)I a (Ladq;Lpk;IIIIIIZZZ)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getPathPointTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getPathPointToCoords (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;DDD)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getVerticalOffset (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;III)I a (Lpk;III)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getSafePoint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIII)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint; a (Lpk;IIII)Lasv;
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setEnterDoors (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/findPathOptions ([Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathPoint;F)I a ([Lasv;Lpk;Lasv;Lasv;F)I
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getEnterDoors ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setBreakDoors (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setAvoidsWater (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getCanSwim ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/setCanSwim (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/pathfinder/WalkNodeProcessor/getAvoidsWater ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/setDirty (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/markDirty ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData/isDirty ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176110_a ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176112_b ()B b ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176113_c ()B c ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/func_176111_d ()B d ()B
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec4b/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/update (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo/getPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; a (Lzx;)Lff;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/calculateMapCenter (DDI)V a (DDI)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateMapData (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateDecorations (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;DDD)V a (ILadm;Ljava/lang/String;DDD)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/getMapInfo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData$MapInfo; a (Lwn;)Latg$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/updateVisiblePlayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/getMapPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/flush ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter$1/accept (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;)Z accept (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertChunks (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;IILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;Laec;IILnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertFile (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/WorldChunkManager;IILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Laec;IILnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/addRegionFilesToCollection (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Collection;)V a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/getSaveVersion ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/flushCache ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/AnvilSaveConverter/createFile (Ljava/lang/String;)V g (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnX (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setTerrainType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;)V a (Ladr;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/cloneNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setThundering (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSeed ()J b ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnY (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldTotalTime (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setRaining (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnX ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSpawnZ (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setWorldTime (J)V c (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setAllowCommands (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnY ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setServerInitialized (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSpawnZ ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setSaveVersion (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setDifficultyLocked (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldTotalTime ()J f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setThunderTime (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldTime ()J g ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/setRainTime (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSizeOnDisk ()J h ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getPlayerNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; i ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getSaveVersion ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getLastTimePlayed ()J m ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isThundering ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getThunderTime ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isRaining ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getRainTime ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; r ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; u ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/areCommandsAllowed ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isInitialized ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getGameRulesInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; x ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; y ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/storage/DerivedWorldInfo/isDifficultyLocked ()Z z ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/flush ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/readPlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (Lwn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/checkSessionLock ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; f ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandler/setSessionLock ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/renameWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/deleteFiles ([Ljava/io/File;)Z a ([Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/getWorldInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/flushCache ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/deleteWorldDirectory (Ljava/lang/String;)Z e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatOld/canLoadWorld (Ljava/lang/String;)Z f (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$8/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo$9/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getCleanWeatherTime ()I A ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGeneratorOptions ()Ljava/lang/String; B ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterX ()D C ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterZ ()D D ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderSize ()D E ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderLerpTime ()J F ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderLerpTarget ()D G ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderSafeZone ()D H ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderDamagePerBlock ()D I ()D
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderWarningDistance ()I J ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderWarningTime ()I K ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderSize (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnX (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/populateFromWorldSettings (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setTerrainType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;)V a (Ladr;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; a (Lato;)Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/addToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/cloneNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/updateTagCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setThundering (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSeed ()J b ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderLerpTarget (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnY (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldTotalTime (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z b (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setRaining (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnX ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterZ (D)V c (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSpawnZ (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setWorldTime (J)V c (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lato;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setAllowCommands (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnY ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getBorderCenterX (D)V d (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I d (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setServerInitialized (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSpawnZ ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderSafeZone (D)V e (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setSaveVersion (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderLerpTime (J)V e (J)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I e (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setDifficultyLocked (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldTotalTime ()J f ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderDamagePerBlock (D)V f (D)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setThunderTime (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I f (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setMapFeaturesEnabled (Z)V f (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldTime ()J g ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setRainTime (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)J g (Lato;)J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setHardcore (Z)V g (Z)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSizeOnDisk ()J h ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)J h (Lato;)J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getPlayerNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; i ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setCleanWeatherTime (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I i (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderWarningDistance (I)V j (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I j (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/setBorderWarningTime (I)V k (I)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1000 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I k (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getSaveVersion ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1100 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z l (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getLastTimePlayed ()J m ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1200 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)I m (Lato;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isThundering ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1300 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z n (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getThunderTime ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1400 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; o (Lato;)Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isRaining ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1500 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z p (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getRainTime ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/access$1600 (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)Z q (Lato;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; r ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isMapFeaturesEnabled ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getTerrainType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; u ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/areCommandsAllowed ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isInitialized ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getGameRulesInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/GameRules; x ()Ladk;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; y ()Loj;
net/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo/isDifficultyLocked ()Z z ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/flush ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/checkSessionLock ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/renameWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/convertMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getSaveLoader (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Latp;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getSaveList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isOldMapFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/getWorldInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/flushCache ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/deleteWorldDirectory (Ljava/lang/String;)Z e (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat/canLoadWorld (Ljava/lang/String;)Z f (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getFileName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator;)I a (Lats;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getSizeOnDisk ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/requiresConversion ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getLastTimePlayed ()J e ()J
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getEnumGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; f ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/isHardcoreModeEnabled ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator/getCheatsEnabled ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/flush ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getChunkLoader (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/storage/IChunkLoader; a (Lanm;)Land;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/saveWorldInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/saveWorldInfoWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lato;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getMapFileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getWorldDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; b ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/checkSessionLock ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/loadWorldInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo; d ()Lato;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getPlayerNBTManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData; e ()Laty;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveHandlerMP/getWorldDirectoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/readPlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (Lwn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/world/storage/IPlayerFileData/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; f ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/saveAllData ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/loadData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/SaveDataMemoryStorage/setData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandParticle/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveAllData ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/saveData (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V a (Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadData (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;)Late;
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/getUniqueDataId (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/setData (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSavedData;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Late;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/MapStorage/loadIdCounts ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/getThreadedIOInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase; a ()Lauc;
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/queueIO (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO;)V a (Laud;)V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/waitForFinish ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/processQueue ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/ThreadedFileIOBase/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/world/storage/IThreadedFileIO/writeNextIO ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/getAverageEdgeLength ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/addCoord (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/fromBounds (DDDDDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (DDDDDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/union (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Laug;)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateXOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D a (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInside (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z a (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateIntercept (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Laui;Laui;)Lauh;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/hasNaN ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/expand (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; b (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/intersectsWith (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateYOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D b (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInYZ (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z b (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/offset (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; c (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/calculateZOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;D)D c (Laug;D)D
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInXZ (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z c (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/contract (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; d (DDD)Laug;
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/isVecInXY (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z d (Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauh$a;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition$MovingObjectType; values ()[Lauh$a;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/normalize ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a ()Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtract (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/rotatePitch (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtractReverse (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithXValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/lengthVector ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/addVector (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/rotateYaw (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/dotProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D b (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithYValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/getIntermediateWithZValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c (Laui;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/subtract (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/add (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; e (Laui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/distanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D f (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/squareDistanceTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)D g (Laui;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; a ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/setRenderType (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType;)V a (Lauu$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/setDisplayName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getCriteria ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria; c ()Lauu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; e ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/func_98298_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setChatFormat (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)V a (La;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNameTagVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible;)V a (Lauq$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/formatPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lauq;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setTeamName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setAllowFriendlyFire (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getRegisteredName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setDeathMessageVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible;)V b (Lauq$a;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNamePrefix (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getTeamName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/setNameSuffix (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getMembershipCollection ()Ljava/util/Collection; d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getColorPrefix ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getColorSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getAllowFriendlyFire ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getNameTagVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; i ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getDeathMessageVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; j ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/func_98299_i ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam/getChatFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; l ()La;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)I a (Laum;Laum;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/func_96648_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/increseScore (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/func_96651_a (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/setLocked (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/decreaseScore (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getScorePoints ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/setScorePoints (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getObjective ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; d ()Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getPlayerName ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/getScoreScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; f ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Score/isLocked ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveInDisplaySlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; a (I)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/setObjectiveInDisplaySlot (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (ILauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onScoreObjectiveAdded (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/broadcastTeamCreated (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V a (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96536_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)V a (Laum;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectivesFromCriteria (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria;)Ljava/util/Collection; a (Lauu;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removePlayerFromTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/addScoreObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauu;)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/addPlayerToTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_181140_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveDisplaySlot (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onObjectiveDisplayNameChanged (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V b (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/sendTeamUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V b (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjective (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauk;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/entityHasObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getScoreObjectives ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/onScoreObjectiveRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V c (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/func_96513_c (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V c (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectivesForEntity (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getValueFromObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score; c (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)Laum;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V d (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; d (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeObjectiveFromEntity (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getScores ()Ljava/util/Collection; e ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/createTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeamNames ()Ljava/util/Collection; f ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removePlayerFromTeams (Ljava/lang/String;)Z f (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getTeams ()Ljava/util/Collection; g ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getDisplaySlotStrings ()[Ljava/lang/String; h ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getPlayersTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; h (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getSortedScores (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/Collection; i (Lauk;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/getObjectiveDisplaySlotNumber (Ljava/lang/String;)I i (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard/removeObjective (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V k (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96496_a ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96502_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V a (Laul;Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/setScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;)V a (Lauo;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readTeams (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V a (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/objectivesToNbt ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; b ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readObjectives (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V b (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readDisplayConfig (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V c (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/readScores (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V c (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/func_96497_d (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V d (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData/scoresToNbt ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; e ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/func_178825_a ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/func_178824_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; values ()[Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/isSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;)Z a (Lauq;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getRegisteredName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getMembershipCollection ()Ljava/util/Collection; d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getAllowFriendlyFire ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getSeeFriendlyInvisiblesEnabled ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getNameTagVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; i ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/Team/getDeathMessageVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team$EnumVisible; j ()Lauq$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/isReadOnly ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/GoalColor/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreDummyCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreHealthCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/func_178796_a ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/func_178795_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; values ()[Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/setScore (Ljava/util/List;)I a (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/isReadOnly ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria/getRenderType ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; c ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a ()Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getBlockAtEntityViewpoint (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; a (Ladm;Lpk;F)Lafh;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/projectViewFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpk;D)Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/updateRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationX ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationXZ ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationZ ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationYZ ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ActiveRenderInfo/getRotationXY ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandPlaySound/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getUpdatedCounter ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ChatLine/getChatLineID ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/unPressAllKeys ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/onTick (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/setKeyBindState (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;)I a (Lavb;)I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/resetKeyBindingArrayAndHash ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/setKeyCode (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeybinds ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/isKeyDown ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCategory ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/isPressed ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCodeDefault ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/getKeyCode ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding/unpressKey ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/disableStandardItemLighting ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/setColorBuffer (DDDD)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; a (DDDD)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/setColorBuffer (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/enableStandardItemLighting ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderHelper/enableGUIStandardItemLighting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/generateDisplayLists (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/deleteDisplayLists (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/deleteDisplayLists (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectByteBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; c (I)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectIntBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/IntBuffer; f (I)Ljava/nio/IntBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GLAllocation/createDirectFloatBuffer (I)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; h (I)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$1/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$11/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$12/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$13/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$14/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$15/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$16/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$17/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$18/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$8/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft$9/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getMinecraft ()Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; A ()Lave;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/scheduleResourcesRefresh ()Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; B ()Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getGLMaximumTextureSize ()I C ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getCurrentServerData ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; D ()Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isIntegratedServerRunning ()Z E ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isSingleplayer ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getIntegratedServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer; G ()Lbpo;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/stopIntegratedServer ()V H ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getPlayerUsageSnooper ()Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper; I ()Lor;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSystemTime ()J J ()J
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFullScreen ()Z K ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSession ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Session; L ()Lavm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTwitchDetails ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap; M ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getProfileProperties ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap; N ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/properties/PropertyMap;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; O ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTextureManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager; P ()Lbmj;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getResourceManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager; Q ()Lbni;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getResourcePackRepository ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository; R ()Lbnm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getLanguageManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; S ()Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTextureMapBlocks ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap; T ()Lbmh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isJava64bit ()Z U ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGamePaused ()Z V ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSoundHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler; W ()Lbpz;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getAmbientMusicType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType; X ()Lbpv$a;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getTwitchStream ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream; Y ()Lbqm;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/dispatchKeypresses ()V Z ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/run ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setDimensionAndSpawnPlayer (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/resize (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/draw (IIIIIIIIII)V a (IIIIIIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayDebugInfo (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lave;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayGuiScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V a (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/crashed (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadWorld (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)V a (Lbdb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/loadWorld (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lbdb;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setServerData (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/drawSplashScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;)V a (Lbmj;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/readImageToBuffer (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/launchIntegratedServer (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addScheduledTask (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setRenderViewEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/pickBlockWithNBT (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzw;ILakw;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getCurrentAction ()Ljava/lang/String; aA ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; aa ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSkinManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager; ab ()Lbnp;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderViewEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; ac ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isSnooperEnabled ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getBlockRendererDispatcher ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher; ae ()Lbgd;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager; af ()Lbiu;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getRenderItem ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem; ag ()Lbjh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getItemRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer; ah ()Lbfn;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getDebugFPS ()I ai ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getFrameTimer ()Lnet/minecraft/util/FrameTimer; aj ()Lnh;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSessionInfo ()Ljava/util/Map; ak ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isConnectedToRealms ()Z al ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startGame ()V am ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/registerMetadataSerializers ()V an ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/initStream ()V ao ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/createDisplay ()V ap ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setInitialDisplayMode ()V aq ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setWindowIcon ()V ar ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isJvm64bit ()Z as ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/startTimerHackThread ()V at ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDisplayMode ()V au ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/runGameLoop ()V av ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/clickMouse ()V aw ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/rightClickMouse ()V ax ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateFramebufferSize ()V ay ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/middleClickMouse ()V az ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getFramebuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; b ()Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDebugProfilerName (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; b (Lave;)Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addGraphicsAndWorldToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/checkGLError (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/sendClickBlockToController (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V c (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isUnicode ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/refreshResources ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getSaveLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat; f ()Latr;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/shutdownMinecraftApplet ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/updateDisplay ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/checkWindowResize ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getLimitFramerate ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFramerateLimitBelowMax ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/freeMemory ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/shutdown ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setIngameFocus ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/setIngameNotInFocus ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/displayInGameMenu ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/toggleFullscreen ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getMusicTicker ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker; r ()Lbpv;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/runTick ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isDemo ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/getNetHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient; u ()Lbcy;
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isGuiEnabled ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isFancyGraphicsEnabled ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/client/Minecraft/isAmbientOcclusionEnabled ()Z x ()Z
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/grabMouseCursor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/ungrabMouseCursor ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseHelper/mouseXYChange ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumFloat ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/setValueMax (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumOptions (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; a (I)Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F a (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumBoolean ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F b (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/returnEnumOrdinal ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/normalizeValue (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getEnumString ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/denormalizeValue (F)F d (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/snapToStepClamp (F)F e (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/getValueMax ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/snapToStep (F)F f (F)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; values ()[Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/loadOptions ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/isKeyDown (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;)Z a (Lavb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionKeyBinding (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/KeyBinding;I)V a (Lavb;I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getOptionFloatValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)F a (Lavh$a;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionFloatValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;F)V a (Lavh$a;F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setOptionValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;I)V a (Lavh$a;I)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F a (Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/parseFloat (Ljava/lang/String;)F a (Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/switchModelPartEnabled (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)V a (Lwo;)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/setModelPartEnabled (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;Z)V a (Lwo;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getTranslation ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/saveOptions ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getOptionOrdinalValue (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Z b (Lavh$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/sendSettingsToServer ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getKeyDisplayString (I)Ljava/lang/String; c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getKeyBinding (Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lavh$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/getModelParts ()Ljava/util/Set; d ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/shouldRenderClouds ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings/isUsingNativeTransport ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/setDoneWorking ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/setLoadingProgress (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/LoadingScreenRenderer/displayString (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/getTimestampedPNGFileForDirectory (Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/io/File; a (Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/saveScreenshot (Ljava/io/File;IILnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/io/File;IILbfw;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ScreenShotHelper/saveScreenshot (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;IILnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;IILbfw;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/Timer/updateTimer ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/setSessionType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/util/Session$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; values ()[Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getSessionID ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getPlayerID ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getUsername ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getToken ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; e ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/util/Session/getSessionType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Session$Type; f ()Lavm$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getUnicodeFlag ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getCharWidth (C)I a (C)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderChar (CZ)F a (CZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getUnicodePageLocation (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (I)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderDefaultChar (IZ)F a (IZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getStringWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawStringWithShadow (Ljava/lang/String;FFI)I a (Ljava/lang/String;FFI)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I a (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)I a (Ljava/lang/String;III)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/drawSplitString (Ljava/lang/String;IIII)V a (Ljava/lang/String;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderStringAligned (Ljava/lang/String;IIIIZ)I a (Ljava/lang/String;IIIIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderSplitString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V a (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderStringAtPos (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/setUnicodeFlag (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getBidiFlag ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getColorCode (C)I b (C)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderUnicodeChar (CZ)F b (CZ)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/loadGlyphTexture (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/getFormatFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/renderString (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I b (Ljava/lang/String;FFIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/splitStringWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)I b (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/setBidiFlag (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/readFontTexture ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/isFormatColor (C)Z c (C)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/bidiReorder (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/listFormattedStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; c (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/readGlyphSizes ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/isFormatSpecial (C)Z d (C)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/trimStringNewline (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/wrapFormattedStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; d (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/resetStyles ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer/sizeStringToWidth (Ljava/lang/String;I)I e (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)Z a (Laum;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setDefaultTitlesTimes ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderGameOverlay (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderVignette (FLnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V a (FLavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderHotbarItem (IIIFLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (IIIFLwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V a (Lauk;Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderSelectedItem (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;F)V a (Lavr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderHorseJumpBar (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;I)V a (Lavr;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Z)V a (Leu;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlayingMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/displayTitle (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;III)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/setRecordPlaying (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/showCrosshair ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPortal (FLnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V b (FLavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderDemo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V b (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderExpBar (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;I)V b (Lavr;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/updateTick ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderStreamIndicator (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V c (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getChatGUI ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat; d ()Lavt;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPlayerStats (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V d (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getUpdateCounter ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderPumpkinOverlay (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V e (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; f ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getSpectatorGui ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator; g ()Lawm;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/getTabList ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay; h ()Lawh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/resetPlayersOverlayFooterHeader ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngame/renderBossHealth ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (FFIIII)V a (FFIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawModalRectWithCustomSizedTexture (IIFFIIFF)V a (IIFFIIFF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawScaledCustomSizeModalRect (IIFFIIIIFF)V a (IIFFIIIIFF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawHorizontalLine (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawRect (IIIII)V a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawGradientRect (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;II)V a (IILbmi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawCenteredString (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Ljava/lang/String;III)V a (Lavn;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawVerticalLine (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawTexturedModalRect (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/Gui/drawString (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Ljava/lang/String;III)V c (Lavn;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/updateMapTexture ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;)V a (Lavq$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;Z)V a (Lavq$a;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/render (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lavq$a;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/clearLoadedMaps ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/updateMapTexture (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V a (Latg;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/renderMap (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;Z)V a (Latg;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager; a (Lavq;)Lbmj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/access$500 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer/getMapRendererInstance (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer$Instance; b (Latg;)Lavq$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledWidth ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledHeight ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledWidth_double ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaledHeight_double ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution/getScaleFactor ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/isMouseOver ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/setWidth (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mouseReleased (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/getHoverState (Z)I a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/getButtonWidth ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/clearChatMessages ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/calculateChatboxWidth (F)I a (F)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/drawChat (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatComponent (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (II)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/printChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/printChatMessageWithOptionalDeletion (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;I)V a (Leu;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/setChatLine (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;IIZ)V a (Leu;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/addToSentMessages (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/refreshChat ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/calculateChatboxHeight (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/scroll (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getSentMessages ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/deleteChatLine (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/resetScroll ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatOpen ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatWidth ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatHeight ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getChatScale ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiNewChat/getLineCount ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents/splitText (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;ILnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;ZZ)Ljava/util/List; a (Leu;ILavn;ZZ)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiUtilRenderComponents/func_178909_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfoLeft ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/blendColors (IIF)I a (IIF)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/bytesToMb (J)J a (J)J
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/call ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderDebugInfoRight (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V b (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/getDebugInfoRight ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/getFrameColor (IIII)I c (IIII)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/isReducedDebug ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOverlayDebug/renderLagometer ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/updateCursorCounter ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/textboxKeyTyped (CI)Z a (CI)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/deleteWords (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getNthWordFromPos (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/func_146197_a (IIZ)I a (IIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/func_175207_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder;)V a (Lawg$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setValidator (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V a (Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setText (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setEnableBackgroundDrawing (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getText ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/deleteFromCursor (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/writeText (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setFocused (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getSelectedText ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getNthWordFromCursor (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/drawCursorVertical (IIII)V c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setEnabled (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getId ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/moveCursorBy (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCanLoseFocus (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPositionZero ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPosition (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setVisible (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setCursorPositionEnd ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setMaxStringLength (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/drawTextBox ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setTextColor (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getMaxStringLength ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setDisabledTextColour (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getCursorPosition ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/setSelectionPos (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getEnableBackgroundDrawing ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/isFocused ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getSelectionEnd ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getWidth ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField/getVisible ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider$FormatHelper/getText (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String; a (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175219_a (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175218_a (FZ)V a (FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mouseReleased (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/getHoverState (Z)I a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175220_c ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/func_175217_d ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider/getDisplayString ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/setCentered ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel; a ()Lavy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/drawLabel (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/func_175202_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel/drawLabelBackground (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonLanguage/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandPublishLocalServer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/func_175212_b (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/buildDisplayString ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/func_178910_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/func_178912_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton$Icon; values ()[Lawc$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/func_175229_b (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLockIconButton/func_175230_c ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/func_178040_a (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/mouseClicked (III)Z b (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended/mouseReleased (III)Z c (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton/returnEnumOptions ()Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options; c ()Lavh$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/func_148182_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;IILnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings$Options;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; a (Lave;IILavh$a;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList$Row; c (I)Lawf$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionsRowList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry/func_178940_a ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/onTick (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiResponder/func_175321_a (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry/func_178950_a ()Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate; a ()Lcom/google/common/base/Predicate;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178022_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; a ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;III)Z a (Lavp;III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;IIIZ)V a (Lavp;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178023_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;III)Z a (Lavs;III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178024_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;IIIZ)V a (Lavs;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178018_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField;III)V a (Lavw;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178027_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField;IZ)V a (Lavw;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178025_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel;IIIZ)V a (Lavy;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; a (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178021_b ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; b ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178016_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;III)V b (Lavp;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/func_178019_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;III)V b (Lavs;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; b (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; c (Lawg$d;)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178935_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178936_c ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry/func_178934_d ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178945_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider$FormatHelper; a ()Lavx$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178943_e ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178944_f ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry/func_178942_g ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178062_a (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178065_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiButtonEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListButton; a (IILawg$a;)Lawb;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178068_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$EditBoxEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; a (IILawg$c;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178063_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiLabelEntry;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLabel; a (IILawg$e;Z)Lavy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178067_a (IILnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiSlideEntry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlider; a (IILawg$g;)Lavx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178066_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui;Z)V a (Lavp;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178058_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiListEntry;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; a (Lawg$f;IZ)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_181155_a (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/mouseClicked (III)Z b (III)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_181156_c (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178061_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; d (I)Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178059_e ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList$GuiEntry; e (I)Lawg$d;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178060_e (II)V e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178057_f ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178056_g ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/Gui; g ()Lavp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178071_h ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178064_i ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178069_s ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPageButtonList/func_178055_t ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)I a (Lbdc;Lbdc;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay$PlayerComparator/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/resetFooterHeader ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/drawPing (IIILnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)V a (IIILbdc;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/renderPlayerlist (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (ILauo;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/drawScoreboardValues (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;ILjava/lang/String;IILnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)V a (Lauk;ILjava/lang/String;IILbdc;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/getPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbdc;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/setFooter (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/updatePlayerList (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiPlayerTabOverlay/setHeader (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148132_a (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_178040_a (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setDimensions (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setHasListHeader (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148142_b (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/drawSelectionBox (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setShowSelectionBox (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSlotIndexFromScreenCoords (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/overlayBackground (IIII)V c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/registerScrollButtons (II)V d (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setEnabled (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/isMouseYWithinSlotBounds (I)Z g (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/scrollBy (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/setSlotXBoundsFromLeft (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/bindAmountScrolled ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/func_148135_f ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getAmountScrolled ()I n ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/handleMouseInput ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getEnabled ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlot/getSlotHeight ()I r ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mouseReleased (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/getHoverState (Z)I a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionSlider/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/updateStreamAlpha ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/render (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/render (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/func_152440_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiStreamIndicator/func_152438_c ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175262_a ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175260_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175266_a (IIFFLnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject;)V a (IIFFLbah;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/renderSelectedItem (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;)V a (Lavr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;F)V a (Lavr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175258_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ScaledResolution;FIFLnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails;)V a (Lavr;FIFLbaj;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175257_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175261_b ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175259_b (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSpectator/func_175265_c ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mouseReleased (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/setText (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getHoverState (Z)I a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getButtonWidth ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/setEnabled (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getId ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/func_154312_c (Z)I c (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getEnabled ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getPositionY ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getRealmsButton ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; f ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButtonRealmsProxy/getHeight ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178043_a (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V a (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSelectionBox (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178044_e ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178042_f ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/func_178045_g ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiClickableScrolledSelectionListProxy/handleMouseInput ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154321_a ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen; a ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawGradientRect (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154323_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawCreativeTabHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154325_a (Ljava/lang/String;III)V a (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154322_b (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V a (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawHoveringText (Ljava/util/List;II)V a (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154327_a (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V a (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawTexturedModalRect (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154319_c (Ljava/lang/String;III)V b (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154328_b (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V b (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawWorldBackground (I)V b_ (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/drawDefaultBackground ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154326_c (Ljava/lang/String;)I c (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154329_h ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154324_i ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/func_154320_j ()Ljava/util/List; j ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/handleKeyboardInput ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getWidth ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getMouseY ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getMouseX ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSlotRealmsProxy/handleMouseInput ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getWidth ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getMouseY ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getMouseX ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSimpleScrolledSelectionListProxy/handleMouseInput ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ScreenChatOptions/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/autocompletePlayerNames ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/sendAutocompleteRequest (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/setText (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/onAutocompleteResponse ([Ljava/lang/String;)V a ([Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/getSentHistory (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiChat/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/copyLinkToClipboard ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiConfirmOpenLink/disableSecurityWarning ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/setButtonDelay (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Z a (Lawz;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lawz;Lek;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V a (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; b (Lawz;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen; c (Lawz;)Laxu;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/GuiConnecting/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandReplaceItem/getSlotForShortcut (Ljava/lang/String;)I e (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148225_a (IILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (IILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148224_c (IIII)V d (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld$Details/func_148226_e (II)V e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146384_e ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F a (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146383_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F b (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F c (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)F d (Laxa;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatGeneratorInfo; e (Laxa;)Lapz;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146375_g ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/func_146382_i ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateFlatWorld/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/calcSaveDirName ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/recreateFromExistingWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/WorldInfo;)V a (Lato;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/getUncollidingSaveDirName (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Latr;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/showMoreWorldOptions (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/updateDisplayState ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/canSelectCurWorldType ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/toggleMoreWorldOptions ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCreateWorld/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/func_178051_a (IILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (IILjy;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/func_175304_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets$ListPreset; a (Laxc;)Laxc$b;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V a (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; b (Laxc;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V b (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V c (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets;IIII)V d (Laxc;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/access$000 ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/func_175305_g ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenCustomizePresets/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175323_a ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175327_a (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/onTick (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175319_a (ILjava/lang/String;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/getText (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String; a (ILjava/lang/String;F)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175321_a (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175324_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_181031_a (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175322_b (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175330_b (IF)Ljava/lang/String; b (IF)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175329_a (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175325_f ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175326_g ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175331_h ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/func_175328_i ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeWorldScreen/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiGameOver/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/drawDefaultBackground ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenDemo/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenServerList/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDisconnected/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenAddServer/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiErrorScreen/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSleepMP/wakeFromSleep ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage$List/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager; a (Laxl;)Lbns;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; b (Laxl;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton; c (Laxl;)Lawe;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptionButton; d (Laxl;)Lawe;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiLanguage/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions$1/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/func_175355_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Loj;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiOptions/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMemoryErrorScreen/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiIngameMenu/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_178054_a (IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)V a (IILzw;I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_148171_c (IIII)V d (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot/func_148173_e (II)V e (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146426_g ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F a (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_175354_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;ILady;Ljava/util/List;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146421_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;Lady;Ljava/util/List;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146425_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase;[Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/FlatLayerInfo;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lzw;Lady;[Laqa;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F b (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F c (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)F d (Laxq;)F
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets$ListSlot; e (Laxq;)Laxq$b;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$400 ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiTextField; f (Laxq;)Lavw;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/func_146430_p ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiFlatPresets/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/setDoneWorking ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/setLoadingProgress (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenWorking/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiDownloadTerrain/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRenameWorld/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setGuiSize (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setWorldAndResolution (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleComponentClick (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Z a (Leu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleComponentHover (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;II)V a (Leu;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawCreativeTabHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setText (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/openWebLink (Ljava/net/URI;)V a (Ljava/net/URI;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawHoveringText (Ljava/util/List;II)V a (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/onResize (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawWorldBackground (I)V b_ (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawDefaultBackground ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/drawBackground (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlX (I)Z d (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlV (I)Z e (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/setClipboardString (Ljava/lang/String;)V e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlC (I)Z f (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isKeyComboCtrlA (I)Z g (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleKeyboardInput ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/getClipboardString ()Ljava/lang/String; o ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/handleInput ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isCtrlKeyDown ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isShiftKeyDown ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen/isAltKeyDown ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld$List/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/addWorldSelectionButtons ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/makeDeleteWorldYesNo (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNoCallback;Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiYesNo; a (Lawx;Ljava/lang/String;I)Lawy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/util/List; a (Laxv;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;I)I a (Laxv;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146621_a (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)I b (Laxv;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; c (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; d (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; e (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/loadLevelList ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; f (Laxv;)Lavs;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/lang/String; g (Laxv;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146614_d (I)Ljava/lang/String; h (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/text/DateFormat; h (Laxv;)Ljava/text/DateFormat;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/func_146615_e (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)Ljava/lang/String; i (Laxv;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld;)[Ljava/lang/String; j (Laxv;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSelectWorld/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/func_146595_g ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiShareToLan/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin$ButtonPart;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts; a (Laxx$a;)Lwo;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Laxx;Lwo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/func_175358_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lwo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCustomizeSkin/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper$List/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper;)Ljava/util/List; a (Laxy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper;)Ljava/util/List; b (Laxy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiSnooper/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mouseReleased (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/playPressSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)V a (Lbpz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/getHoverState (Z)I a (Z)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mouseDragged (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V b (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds$Button/mousePressed (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)Z c (Lave;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; a (Laxz;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/getSoundVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbpg;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenOptionsSounds/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveAll/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/func_183501_a ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/rotateAndBlurSkybox (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/addSingleplayerMultiplayerButtons (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/drawPanorama (IIF)V b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/addDemoButtons (II)V c (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/renderSkybox (IIF)V c (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/switchToRealms ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMainMenu/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiVideoSettings/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/sendRespawnPacket ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/drawWinGameScreen (IIF)V b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiWinGame/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/updateAchievementWindow ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/displayAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)V a (Lmq;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/clearAchievements ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/displayUnformattedAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)V b (Lmq;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievement/updateAchievementWindowScale ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/doneLoading ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/func_175371_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Lafh;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawAchievementScreen (IIF)V b (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiAchievements/drawTitle ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;)I a (Lmu;Lmu;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsBlock/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsGeneral/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;)I a (Lmu;Lmu;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsItem/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$StatsMobsList/getContentHeight ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148132_a (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148213_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting;II)V a (Lmu;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148209_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;IIZ)V a (Lmw;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148210_b (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148142_b (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148211_c (I)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting; c (I)Lmu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats$Stats/func_148212_h (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doneLoading ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawStatsScreen (IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (IILzw;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; a (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIII)V a (Layf;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIIIII)V a (Layf;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IILnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (Layf;IILzw;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawButtonBackground (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter; b (Layf;)Lnb;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;IIIIII)V b (Layf;IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/drawSprite (IIII)V c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; d (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; e (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/func_175366_f ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; f (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/createButtons ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; g (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; h (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; i (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; j (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; k (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; l (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; m (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; n (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1800 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; o (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$1900 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; p (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; q (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; r (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats/access$2200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/achievement/GuiStats;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; s (Layf;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/IProgressMeter/doneLoading ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$CategoryEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList$KeyEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Layi;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls; b (Layi;)Layj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList;)I c (Layi;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiKeyBindingList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiControls/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/updateDragSplitting ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseClickMove (IIIJ)V a (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)V a (Lyg;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isMouseOverSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;II)Z a (Lyg;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/handleMouseClick (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;III)V a (Lyg;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IILjava/lang/String;)V a (Lzx;IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/checkHotbarKeys (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/getSlotAtPosition (II)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; c (II)Lyg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/isPointInRegion (IIIIII)Z c (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/doesGuiPauseGame ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainer/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/renameItem ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiRepair/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$CancelButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$ConfirmButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$PowerButton/drawButtonForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/func_146140_b (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon$Button/func_146141_c ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V b (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon;Ljava/lang/String;II)V c (Layn;Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBeacon/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook$NextPageButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/handleComponentClick (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Z a (Leu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageSetCurrent (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/sendBookToServer (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTypedInBook (CI)V b (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/func_175385_b (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (II)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageInsertIntoCurrent (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/keyTypedInTitle (CI)V c (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/updateButtons ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/addNewPage ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/pageGetCurrent ()Ljava/lang/String; h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenBook/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiBrewingStand/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/func_175388_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiCommandBlock/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiChest/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiCrafting/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/CreativeCrafting/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/scrollTo (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/retrySlotClick (IIZLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (IIZLwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/canDragIntoSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z b (Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$ContainerCreative/func_148328_e ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; a (Layu$b;)Lyg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/isHere (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Z a (Log;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/putStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V d (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/getHasStack ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative$CreativeSlot/onSlotChanged ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateActivePotionEffects ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/handleMouseClick (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;III)V a (Lyg;III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/func_147051_a (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)V a (Lyz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/func_147049_a (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;II)Z a (Lyz;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/renderToolTip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/setCurrentCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)V b (Lyz;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/renderCreativeInventoryHoveringText (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;II)Z b (Lyz;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/getSelectedTabIndex ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic; g ()Loq;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/updateCreativeSearch ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/needsScrollBars ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiContainerCreative/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiDispenser/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/updateActivePotionEffects ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/InventoryEffectRenderer/drawActivePotionEffects ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts; a ()Layx;
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/reseedRandomGenerator (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/util/EnchantmentNameParts/generateNewRandomName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/func_147068_g ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiEnchantment/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/getCookProgressScaled (I)I h (I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiFurnace/getBurnLeftScaled (I)I i (I)I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOff/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiHopper/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiScreenHorseInventory/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawEntityOnScreen (IIIFFLnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (IIIFFLpr;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiInventory/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant$MerchantButton/drawButton (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V a (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/getMerchant ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant; a ()Lacy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawGuiContainerBackgroundLayer (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/drawGuiContainerForegroundLayer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMerchant/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; f ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/inventory/GuiEditSign/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/createButtons ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/keyTyped (CI)V a (CI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175392_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;I)Z a (Lazk;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175391_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;IZ)V a (Lazk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/connectToServer (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/setHoveringText (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/selectServer (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175394_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;I)Z b (Lazk;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/func_175393_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;IZ)V b (Lazk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/updateScreen ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/connectToSelected ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/getOldServerPinger ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger; g ()Lbdg;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/getServerList ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList; h ()Lbdf;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/refreshServerList ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanScan/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/getLanServer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer; a ()Lbpq$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryLanDetected/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/getServerData ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; a ()Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/drawTextureAt (IILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (IILjy;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; a (Lazk;)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/func_178013_b ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiMultiplayer; b (Lazk;)Lazh;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerListEntryNormal/prepareServerIcon ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148195_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList;)V a (Lbdf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148194_a (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/setSelectedSlotIndex (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/ServerSelectionList/func_148193_k ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getAvailableResourcePacks ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/mouseClicked (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/hasResourcePackEntry (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry;)Z a (Lazp;)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/mouseReleased (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getListContaining (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry;)Ljava/util/List; b (Lazp;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/getSelectedResourcePacks ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/markChanged ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenResourcePacks/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry$1/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_183019_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/setSelected (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mousePressed (IIIIII)Z a (IIIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/drawEntry (IIIIIIIZ)V a (IIIIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/mouseReleased (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148313_c ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148310_d ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148309_e ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148308_f ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148314_g ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry/func_148307_h ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_183019_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148313_c ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148310_d ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148309_e ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148308_f ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148314_g ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryDefault/func_148307_h ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_183019_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148311_a ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148312_b ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148313_c ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntryFound/func_148318_i ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry; j ()Lbnm$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackAvailable/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/drawListHeader (IILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;)V a (IILbfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiListExtended$IGuiListEntry; b (I)Lawd$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackListEntry; c (I)Lazp;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackList/getList ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/GuiResourcePackSelected/getListHeader ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/drawBackground ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/isSelected (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/drawSlot (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/elementClicked (IZII)V a (IZII)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/getSize ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers$ServerList/getScrollBarX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; a (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; b (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; d (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; e (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; f (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; g (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; h (Lazy;)Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/handleMouseInput ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiIngestServers/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamOptions/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$5/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/saveToFile (Ljava/io/File;)Z a (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCategory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCategoryDepth (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getSectionsInStringBuilder (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V a (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/makeCrashReport (Ljava/lang/Throwable;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; a (Ljava/lang/Throwable;Ljava/lang/String;)Lb;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCrashCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; b ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCauseStackTraceOrString ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCompleteReport ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getFile ()Ljava/io/File; f ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; g ()Lc;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/populateEnvironment ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReport/getWittyComment ()Ljava/lang/String; i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSaveOn/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/func_152561_a ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/func_152559_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable$Reason; values ()[Lbaa$a;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/func_152321_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V a (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/func_152320_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiStreamUnavailable/onGuiClosed ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/drawScreen (IIF)V a (IIF)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/actionPerformed (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton;)V a (Lavs;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152328_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;Lbqm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152329_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserMode;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserMode;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/func_152330_a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserSubscription;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserSubscription;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/stream/GuiTwitchUserMode/initGui ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/PlayerMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/BaseSpectatorGroup/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$1/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$EndSpectatorObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu$MoveMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178642_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178643_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; a (I)Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/access$112 (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;I)I a (Lbaf;I)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178647_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView;)V a (Lbag;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178645_b ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; b ()Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178644_b (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178650_c ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView; c ()Lbag;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178641_d ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178648_e ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu/func_178646_f ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails; f ()Lbaj;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuView/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuRecipient/func_175257_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/func_178680_a (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/ISpectatorMenuObject; a (I)Lbah;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/SpectatorDetails/func_178681_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)I a (Lbdc;Lbdc;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToPlayer/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam$TeamSelectionObject/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/getSpectatorName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; A_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178662_A_ ()Z B_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178669_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178663_a (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178661_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/SpectatorMenu;)V a (Lbaf;)V
net/minecraft/client/gui/spectator/categories/TeleportToTeam/func_178670_b ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStandArmor/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/postRenderArm (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBanner/renderBanner ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBat/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBlaze/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBoat/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBook/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChest/renderAll ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBroadcast/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelChicken/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelCreeper/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderman/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderMite/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGhast/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/func_178706_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelGuardian/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/updateHorseRotation (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/setBoxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;FFF)V a (Lbct;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHorse/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelHumanoidHead/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/postRenderArm (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setModelAttributes (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;)V a (Lbbo;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped/setInvisible (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMagmaCube/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelLeashKnot/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelMinecart/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setModelAttributes (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;)V a (Lbbo;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/copyModelAngles (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;)V a (Lbct;Lbct;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/getTextureOffset (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/TextureOffset; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbcu;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setTextureOffset (Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/getRandomModelBox (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelOcelot/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderRightArm ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/postRenderArm (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/setInvisible (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderLeftArm ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderDeadmau5Head (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer/renderCape (F)V c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/flipFace ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/TexturedQuad/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;F)V a (Lbfd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelQuadruped/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setRotationOffset (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;FFF)V a (Lbct;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRabbit/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep1/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSheep2/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSign/renderSign ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSilverfish/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeletonHead/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getObjective (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lauk;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_147184_a (Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175780_b (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addObjective (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/addTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V c (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; d ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listObjectives (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)V d (Lm;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setTeamOption (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V d (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175782_e ()Ljava/util/List; e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/getTeam (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Laul;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/removeTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V e (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listTeams (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V f (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/joinTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V g (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/removeObjective (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)V h (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/leaveTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V h (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/emptyTeam (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V i (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setObjectiveDisplay (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V j (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/listPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V k (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/setPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V l (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/resetPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V m (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175779_n (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V n (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175781_o (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V o (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandScoreboard/func_175778_p (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V p (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSkeleton/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSlime/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSpider/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelSquid/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex/setTexturePosition (FF)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/PositionTextureVertex; a (FF)Lbcg;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/func_78172_a (FF)F a (FF)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelIronGolem/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombieVillager/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWitch/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWither/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelWolf/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelZombie/setRotationAngles (FFFFFFLnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (FFFFFFLpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/updateRotations (D)F a (D)F
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelDragon/setLivingAnimations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelEnderCrystal/render (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/render (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;F)V a (Lbfd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox/setBoxName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBox; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbcr;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/render (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setRotationPoint (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; a (FFFIII)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIIIF)V a (FFFIIIF)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (FFFIIIZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; a (FFFIIIZ)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setTextureOffset (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; a (II)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addChild (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer;)V a (Lbct;)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/addBox (Ljava/lang/String;FFFIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; a (Ljava/lang/String;FFFIII)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/renderWithRotation (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/setTextureSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer; b (II)Lbct;
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/postRender (F)V c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/model/ModelRenderer/compileDisplayList (F)V d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lbcx;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleLoginSuccess (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess;)V a (Ljg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleEncryptionRequest (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest;)V a (Ljh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleEnableCompression (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression;)V a (Lji;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect;)V a (Ljj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerLoginClient/getSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; b ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$1/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$2/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1$1/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3$1/confirmClicked (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getNetworkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a ()Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Lbcy;)Lek;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Lbcy;Lave;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/addToSendQueue (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerPosLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook;)V a (Lfi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnObject (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject;)V a (Lfk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnExperienceOrb (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb;)V a (Lfl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnGlobalEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity;)V a (Lfm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnMob (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob;)V a (Lfn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPainting (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting;)V a (Lfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer;)V a (Lfp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation;)V a (Lfq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleStatistics (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics;)V a (Lfr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockBreakAnim (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim;)V a (Lfs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity;)V a (Lft;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction;)V a (Lfu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange;)V a (Lfv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleServerDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty;)V a (Lfw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete;)V a (Lfx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChat (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat;)V a (Lfy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMultiBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)V a (Lfz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction;)V a (Lga;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow;)V a (Lgb;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleOpenWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow;)V a (Lgc;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowItems (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems;)V a (Lgd;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowProperty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty;)V a (Lge;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetSlot (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot;)V a (Lgf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCustomPayload (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload;)V a (Lgg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect;)V a (Lgh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus;)V a (Lgi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT;)V a (Lgj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion;)V a (Lgk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetCompressionLevel (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel;)V a (Lgl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChangeGameState (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState;)V a (Lgm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive;)V a (Lgn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData;)V a (Lgo;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMapChunkBulk (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk;)V a (Lgp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect;)V a (Lgq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleParticles (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles;)V a (Lgr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSoundEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect;)V a (Lgs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleJoinGame (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame;)V a (Lgt;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleMaps (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps;)V a (Lgu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMovement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity;)V a (Lgv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSignEditorOpen (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen;)V a (Lgw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities;)V a (Lgx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCombatEvent (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent;)V a (Lgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem;)V a (Lgz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUseBed (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed;)V a (Lha;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDestroyEntities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities;)V a (Lhb;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleRemoveEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect;)V a (Lhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend;)V a (Lhd;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleRespawn (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn;)V a (Lhe;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityHeadLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook;)V a (Lhf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder;)V a (Lhg;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCamera (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera;)V a (Lhh;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange;)V a (Lhi;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisplayScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard;)V a (Lhj;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata;)V a (Lhk;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityAttach (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach;)V a (Lhl;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityVelocity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity;)V a (Lhm;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEquipment (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment;)V a (Lhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetExperience (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience;)V a (Lho;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateHealth (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth;)V a (Lhp;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleScoreboardObjective (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective;)V a (Lhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTeams (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams;)V a (Lhr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateScore (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore;)V a (Lhs;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition;)V a (Lht;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTimeUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate;)V a (Lhu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleTitle (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle;)V a (Lhv;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign;)V a (Lhw;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListHeaderFooter (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter;)V a (Lhx;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleCollectItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem;)V a (Lhy;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityTeleport (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport;)V a (Lhz;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityProperties (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties;)V a (Lia;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect;)V a (Lib;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfo (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/cleanup ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; b (Lbcy;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getPlayerInfoMap ()Ljava/util/Collection; d ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerPlayClient/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; e ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/unloadChunk (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/loadChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; c (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ChunkProviderClient/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isSpectator ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendEnchantPacket (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/windowClick (IIIILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (IIIILwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/func_178892_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter;)Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP; a (Ladm;Lnb;)Lbew;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/clickBlockCreative (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lave;Lbda;Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z a (Lbew;Lbdb;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isHittingPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerDestroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/setPlayerCapabilities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/attackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lwn;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isPlayerRightClickingOnEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)Z a (Lwn;Lpk;Lauh;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendPacketDropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/sendSlotPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/shouldDrawHUD ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/clickBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/flipPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/interactWithEntitySendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lwn;Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/resetBlockRemoving ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onPlayerDamageBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z c (Lcj;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/onStoppedUsingItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getBlockReachDistance ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/updateController ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/gameIsSurvivalOrAdventure ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isNotCreative ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isInCreativeMode ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/extendedReach ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isRidingHorse ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/isSpectatorMode ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getCurrentGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; l ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/getIsHittingBlock ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/PlayerControllerMP/syncCurrentPlayItem ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/sendQuittingDisconnectingPacket ()V H ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeAllEntities ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/makeFireworks (DDDDDDLnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (DDDDDDLdn;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/playSound (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V a (DDDLjava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/getEntityByID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/invalidateBlockReceiveRegion (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/addEntityToWorld (ILnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (ILpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/setWorldScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard;)V a (Lauo;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/addWorldInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory; a (Lb;)Lc;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Ljava/util/Set; a (Lbdb;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/playSoundAtPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Ljava/lang/String;FFZ)V a (Lcj;Ljava/lang/String;FFZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/doVoidFogParticles (III)V b (III)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/doPreChunk (IIZ)V b (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/setWorldTime (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Ljava/util/Set; b (Lbdb;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/invalidateRegionAndSetBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z b (Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/tick ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; c (Lbdb;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/spawnEntityInWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z d (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeEntityFromWorld (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; e (I)Lpk;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/updateBlocks ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; k ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/updateWeather ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo$1/skinAvailable (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Ljy;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setResponseTime (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178846_a (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbdc;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbdc;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lbdc;Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/setDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; b ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178836_b (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178844_b (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lbdc;Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getResponseTime ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178857_c (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178843_c (J)V c (J)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/hasLocationSkin ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getSkinType ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getLocationSkin ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; g ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getLocationCape ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; h ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getPlayerTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam; i ()Laul;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/loadPlayerTextures ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; k ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178835_l ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178860_m ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178847_n ()J n ()J
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178858_o ()J o ()J
net/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo/func_178855_p ()J p ()J
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getIP ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/fromString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbdd;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getPort ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerAddress/getServerAddress (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/getMotd ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode; values ()[Lbde$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getNBTCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/setResourceMode (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode;)V a (Lbde$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/copyFrom (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getServerDataFromNBTCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; a (Ldn;)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/setBase64EncodedIconData (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getResourceMode ()Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData$ServerResourceMode; b ()Lbde$a;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/getBase64EncodedIconData ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData/isOnLAN ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/loadServerList ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/getServerData (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData; a (I)Lbde;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/swapServers (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/func_147413_a (ILnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (ILbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/addServerData (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/saveServerList ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/removeServerData (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/func_147414_b (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V b (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerList/countServers ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$1/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2$1/exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger$2/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/pingPendingNetworks ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/ping (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger;Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V a (Lbdg;Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/clearPendingNetworks ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/tryCompatibilityPing (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ServerData;)V b (Lbde;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; c ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/network/OldServerPinger/access$200 ()Lcom/google/common/base/Splitter; d ()Lcom/google/common/base/Splitter;
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/Barrier/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SlimeFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX$SnowballFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBreakingFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBubbleFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$MagicFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCrit2FX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$LavaFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX$WaterFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDropParticleFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX$EnchantmentTable/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityEnchantmentTableParticleFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$OverlayFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; S ()Laug;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setColour (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setTrail (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setFadeColour (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/setTwinkle (Z)V i (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$SparkFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createParticle (DDDDDD[I[IZZ)V a (DDDDDD[I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createBall (DI[I[IZZ)V a (DI[I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createShaped (D[[D[I[IZZZ)V a (D[[D[I[IZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/createBurst ([I[IZZ)V a ([I[IZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/func_92037_i ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$StarterFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFirework$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFlameFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFootStepFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$AngryVillagerFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHeartFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLargeExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityHugeExplodeFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPickupFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCritFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityLavaFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/MobAppearance/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetBlock/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityNoteFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/multiplyVelocity (F)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (F)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getRedColorF ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setRBGColorF (FFF)V b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getGreenColorF ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/multipleParticleScaleBy (F)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; h (F)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getBlueColorF ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setAlphaF (F)V i (F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/getAlpha ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/nextTextureIndexX ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/setParticleTextureIndex (I)V k (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffects ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffectLayer (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/spawnEffectParticle (IDDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (IDDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/registerParticle (ILnet/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory;)V a (ILbed;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/clearEffects (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addEffect (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V a (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;II)V a (Lbeb;II)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addBlockDestroyEffects (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/addBlockHitEffects (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/updateEffectAlphaLayer (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderParticles (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/emitParticleAtEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;)V a (Lpk;Lcy;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/getStatistics ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToAlphaLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V b (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/renderLitParticles (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V b (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/registerVanillaParticles ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/moveToNoAlphaLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V c (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EffectRenderer/tickParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX;)V d (Lbeb;)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/IParticleFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityCloudFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityPortalFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityReddustFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySmokeFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySnowShovelFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$AmbientMobFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$InstantFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$MobFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX$WitchFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/setBaseSpellTextureIndex (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySpellParticleFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySplashFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntitySuspendFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$HappyVillagerFactory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityAuraFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityBlockDustFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/setBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX; a (Lcj;)Lbeo;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX/func_174845_l ()Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityDiggingFX; l ()Lbeo;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/getFXLayer ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/renderParticle (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FFFFFF)V a (Lbfd;Lpk;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityParticleEmitter/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFishWakeFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX$Factory/getEntityFX (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; a (ILadm;DDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/particle/EntityRainFX/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/hasPlayerInfo ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getDownloadImageSkin (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData; a (Ljy;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbma;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getPlayerInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/client/network/NetworkPlayerInfo; b ()Lbdc;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationSkin (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/hasSkin ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationSkin ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; i ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getLocationCape ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; k ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getSkinType ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/getFovModifier ()F o ()F
net/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer/isSpectator ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/util/MovementInput/updatePlayerMoveState ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MovementInputFromOptions/updatePlayerMoveState ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isCurrentViewEntity ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setXPStats (FII)V a (FII)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/openEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic;)V a (Ladc;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/joinEntityItemWithWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/dropOneItem (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isSneaking ()Z av ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/updateEntityActionState ()V bK ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isServerWorld ()Z bM ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/swingItem ()V bw ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/respawnPlayer ()V cb ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isUser ()Z cc ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setSprinting (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isOpenBlockSpace (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendChatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setClientBrand (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/heal (F)V h (F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/pushOutOfBlocks (DDD)Z j (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/closeScreen ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/setPlayerSPHealth (F)V n (F)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onUpdateWalkingPlayer ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/closeScreenAndDropStack ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendHorseJump ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendPlayerAbilities ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/sendHorseInventory ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getClientBrand ()Ljava/lang/String; w ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getStatFileWriter ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter; x ()Lnb;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/isRidingHorse ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP/getHorseJumpPower ()F z ()F
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/entity/EntityOtherPlayerMP/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/LocalBlockIntercommunication/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/player/inventory/ContainerLocalMenu/isLocked ()Z r_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSetDefaultSpawnpoint/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/BossStatus/setBossStatus (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData;Z)V a (Luc;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Integer;Ljava/lang/Integer;)I a (Ljava/lang/Integer;Ljava/lang/Integer;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getRawBuffer ()[I a ()[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getVertexCount ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; c ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexState ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State; a ()Lbfd$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; a (DD)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putPosition (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/sortVertexData (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; a (FFFF)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorMultiplier (FFFI)V a (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColor4 (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/lightmap (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; a (II)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putBrightness4 (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGBA (IIIII)V a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/begin (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)V a (ILbmu;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/setVertexState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V a (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getDistanceSq (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;FFFII)F a (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;FFFII)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/addVertexData ([I)V a ([I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/reset ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/pos (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; b (DDD)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putNormal (FFF)V b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGB_F (FFFI)V b (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/growBuffer (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColor (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; b (IIII)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/noColor ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/setTranslation (DDD)V c (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; c (FFF)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getColorIndex (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/endVertex ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/putColorRGB_F4 (FFF)V d (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/finishDrawing ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getByteBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; f ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; g ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getVertexCount ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getDrawMode ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/getBufferSize ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer/nextVertexFormatIndex ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldVertexBufferUploader/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getCombinedLight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)I b (Lcj;I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getBlockStateRaw (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; c (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getPositionIndex (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I e (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; p (Lcj;)Lalz;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCache/getTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; s (Lcj;)Lakw;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/getWorldRendererByLayerId (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; a (I)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder/getWorldRendererByLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; a (Ladf;)Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/initialize (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/preRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)V a (Lbht;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChunkRenderContainer/addRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Lbht;Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityItemStackRenderer/renderByItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/getVertexInformation (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection$VertexInformation; a (I)Lbfj$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/getFacing (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection; a (Lcq;)Lbfj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EnumFaceDirection; values ()[Lbfj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/isShaderActive ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getMouseOver (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setFogColorBuffer (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupCameraTransform (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateCameraAndRender (FJ)V a (FJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getFOVModifier (FZ)F a (FZ)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupFog (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorldPass (IFJ)V a (IFJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateShaderGroupSize (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft; a (Lbfk;)Lave;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderCloudsCheck (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;FI)V a (Lbfr;FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/loadShader (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/loadEntityShader (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getNightVisionBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F a (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/stopUseShader ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderStreamIndicator (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderHand (FI)V b (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorld (FJ)V b (FJ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/switchUseShader ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderRainSnow (F)V c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/activateNextShader ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/hurtCameraEffect (F)V d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateRenderer ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupViewBobbing (F)V e (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getShaderGroup ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup; f ()Lblr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/orientCamera (F)V f (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateLightmap (F)V g (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/disableLightmap ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/renderWorldDirections (F)V h (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/enableLightmap ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateFogColor (F)V i (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/setupOverlayRendering ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/getMapItemRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/MapItemRenderer; k ()Lavq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateFovModifierHand ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/updateTorchFlicker ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/isDrawBlockOutline ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/EntityRenderer/addRainParticles ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setDisabled ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setState (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$BooleanState/setEnabled ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen; values ()[Lbfl$o;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableNormalize ()V A ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableRescaleNormal ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableRescaleNormal ()V C ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/loadIdentity ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/pushMatrix ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/popMatrix ()V F ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/resetColor ()V G ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/pushAttrib ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearDepth (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/scale (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/ortho (DDDDDD)V a (DDDDDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogDensity (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/doPolygonOffset (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/scale (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clearColor (FFFF)V a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableLight (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/alphaFunc (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMaterial (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/tryBlendFuncSeparate (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/getFloat (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V a (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableTexGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)V a (Lbfl$o;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;I)V a (Lbfl$o;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGen (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V a (Lbfl$o;ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/multMatrix (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V a (Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthMask (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorMask (ZZZZ)V a (ZZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/popAttrib ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/translate (DDD)V b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogStart (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/translate (FFF)V b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/rotate (FFFF)V b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableLight (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/blendFunc (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/viewport (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableTexGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)V b (Lbfl$o;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableAlpha ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFogEnd (F)V c (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/color (FFF)V c (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/color (FFFF)V c (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/depthFunc (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/texGenCoord (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGen;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager$TexGenCoord; c (Lbfl$o;)Lbfl$p;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableAlpha ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setFog (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableLighting ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/cullFace (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableLighting ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/colorLogicOp (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableColorMaterial ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/setActiveTexture (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableColorMaterial ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/deleteTexture (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableDepth ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/bindTexture (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableDepth ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/shadeModel (I)V j (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableBlend ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableBlend ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableFog ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/clear (I)V m (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableFog ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/matrixMode (I)V n (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableCull ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/callList (I)V o (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableCull ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enablePolygonOffset ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disablePolygonOffset ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableColorLogic ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableColorLogic ()V v ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableTexture2D ()V w ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/disableTexture2D ()V x ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/generateTexture ()I y ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/GlStateManager/enableNormalize ()V z ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer/skinAvailable ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/updateEquippedItem ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItemInFirstPerson (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/rotateArroundXAndY (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doBowTransformations (FLnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V a (FLbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderBlockInHand (FLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (FLbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/isBlockTranslucent (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/setLightMapFromPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V a (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/performDrinking (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;F)V a (Lbet;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderPlayerArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FF)V a (Lbet;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItemMap (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFF)V a (Lbet;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/rotateWithPlayerRotations (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/EntityPlayerSP;F)V a (Lbew;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderRightArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer;)V a (Lbln;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V a (Lpr;Lzx;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/resetEquippedProgress ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderOverlays (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/transformFirstPersonItem (FF)V b (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderPlayerArms (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V b (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderLeftArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer;)V b (Lbln;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/resetEquippedProgress2 ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/getMapAngleFromPitch (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doBlockTransformations ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/doItemUsedTransformations (F)V d (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderWaterOverlayTexture (F)V e (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemRenderer/renderFireInFirstPerson (F)V f (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getModelManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager; a ()Lbou;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Lzw;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getParticleIcon (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Lzw;I)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/register (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)V a (Lzw;ILbov;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/register (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition;)V a (Lzw;Lbfp;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (Lzx;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/rebuildCache ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; b (Lzw;I)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher/getIndex (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)I c (Lzw;I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemMeshDefinition/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/loadRenderers ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/fixTerrainFrustum (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/hasCloudFog (DDDF)Z a (DDDF)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSky (FI)V a (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/createBindEntityOutlineFbs (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateChunks (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderBlockLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderBlockLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;DILnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Ladf;DILpk;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawSelectionBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)V a (Laug;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawOutlinedBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;IIII)V a (Laug;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setWorldAndLoadRenderers (Lnet/minecraft/client/multiplayer/WorldClient;)V a (Lbdb;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderStars (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSky (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;FZ)V a (Lbfd;FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawBlockDamageTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Lbfx;Lbfd;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/isPositionInRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z a (Lcj;Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getRenderChunkOffset (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; a (Lcj;Lbht;Lcq;)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDDDD[I)V a (Lcy;DDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateTileEntities (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/util/Collection;)V a (Ljava/util/Collection;Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/cleanupDamagedBlocks (Ljava/util/Iterator;)V a (Ljava/util/Iterator;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getViewVector (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; a (Lpk;D)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setupTerrain (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;IZ)V a (Lpk;DLbia;IZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntities (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;F)V a (Lpk;Lbia;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/drawSelectionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;IF)V a (Lwn;Lauh;IF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/makeEntityOutlineShader ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderClouds (FI)V b (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/markBlocksForUpdate (IIIIII)V b (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/spawnEntityFX (IZDDDDDD[I)Lnet/minecraft/client/particle/EntityFX; b (IZDDDDDD[I)Lbeb;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderEntityOutlineFramebuffer ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderCloudsFancy (FI)V c (FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getVisibleFacings (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; c (Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/isRenderEntityOutlines ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/stopChunkUpdates ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getDebugInfoRenders ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/getDebugInfoEntities ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateClouds ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/deleteAllDisplayLists ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/setDisplayListEntitiesDirty ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/updateDestroyBlockIcons ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateSky2 ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateSky ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/generateStars ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/renderSkyEnd ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/preRenderDamagedBlocks ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal/postRenderDamagedBlocks ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/skinAvailable ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/setAreaTransparent (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/setAreaOpaque (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ImageBufferDownload/hasTransparency (IIII)Z c (IIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderList/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/deleteFramebuffer ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/setFramebufferColor (FFFF)V a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/setFramebufferFilter (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/createBindFramebuffer (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferRenderExt (IIZ)V a (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/bindFramebuffer (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/checkFramebufferComplete ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/createFramebuffer (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/bindFramebufferTexture ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferRender (II)V c (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/unbindFramebufferTexture ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/unbindFramebuffer ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer/framebufferClear ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator; a ()Lbfx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/draw ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/Tessellator/getWorldRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer; c ()Lbfd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList/setupArrayPointers ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VboRenderList/renderChunkLayer (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)V a (Lbfd;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/VertexBufferUploader/setVertexBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer;)V a (Lbmt;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetPlayerTimeout/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/deleteGlResources ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/updateChunkPositions (DD)V a (DD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/setCountChunksXYZ (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/func_178157_a (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/markBlocksForUpdate (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/createRenderChunks (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory;)V a (Lbhu;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ViewFrustum/getRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; a (Lcj;)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ChestRenderer/renderChestBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;F)V a (Lafh;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$1/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$2/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$3/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$4/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$5/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$6/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes$7/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getBlockStateMapper ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper; a ()Lbgv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerBlockWithStateMapper (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper;)V a (Lafh;Lbgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getTexture (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Lalz;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerBuiltInBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a ([Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getModelManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager; b ()Lbou;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/getModelForState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; b (Lalz;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/reloadModels ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes/registerAllBlocks ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBlockModelShapes ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes; a ()Lbgc;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/isRenderTypeChest (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)Z a (Lafh;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlockBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)V a (Lalz;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getModelFromBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (Lalz;Ladq;Lcj;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBakedModel (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (Lalz;Lcj;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z a (Lalz;Lcj;Ladq;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/renderBlockDamage (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;)V a (Lalz;Lcj;Lbmi;Ladq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockRendererDispatcher/getBlockModelRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer; b ()Lbgf;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/initAtlasSprites ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/renderFluid (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z a (Ladq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockFluidRenderer/getFluidHeight (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)F a (Ladq;Lcj;Larm;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/getNeighbourInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo; a (Lcq;)Lbgf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$EnumNeighborInfo; values ()[Lbgf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/getAoBrightness (IIII)I a (IIII)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/getVertexBrightness (IIIIFFFF)I a (IIIIFFFF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/updateVertexBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lcq;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)[I a (Lbgf$b;)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)[F b (Lbgf$b;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I a (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/getVertexTranslations (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations; a (Lcq;)Lbgf$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I b (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I c (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations;)I d (Lbgf$c;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$VertexTranslations; values ()[Lbgf$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$Orientation; values ()[Lbgf$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightnessColorQuads (FFFFLjava/util/List;)V a (FFFFLjava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelAmbientOcclusionQuads (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;[FLjava/util/BitSet;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer$AmbientOcclusionFace;)V a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Ljava/util/List;[FLjava/util/BitSet;Lbgf$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelStandardQuads (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;IZLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/BitSet;)V a (Ladq;Lafh;Lcj;Lcq;IZLbfd;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelAmbientOcclusion (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z a (Ladq;Lboq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Z a (Ladq;Lboq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z a (Ladq;Lboq;Lalz;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/fillQuadBounds (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;[ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V a (Lafh;[ILcq;[FLjava/util/BitSet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightnessColor (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;FFFF)V a (Lboq;FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;FZ)V a (Lboq;Lalz;FZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelRenderer/renderModelStandard (Lnet/minecraft/world/IBlockAccess;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Z)Z b (Ladq;Lboq;Lafh;Lcj;Lbfd;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getVertexData ()[I a ()[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/hasTintIndex ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getTintIndex ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad/getFace ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; d ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseFacesCheck (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgh;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbgj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePosition (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseEnumFacing (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseFaces (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseAngle (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)F b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parseAxis (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePositionTo (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart$Deserializer/parsePositionFrom (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; e (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/setDefaultUvs ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart/getFaceUvs (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[F a (Lcq;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseTintIndex (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseTexture (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/parseCullFace (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgk;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/parseUV (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)[F b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178348_a (I)F a (I)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/setUvs ([F)V a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178346_b (I)F b (I)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178345_c (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV/func_178347_d (I)I d (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getModelElements (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getAmbientOcclusionEnabled (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getTextures (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/getParent (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; a (Lbgr$b;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/deserialize (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; a (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/deserialize (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/resolveTextureName (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock$Bookkeep;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lbgl$a;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getParentFromMap (Ljava/util/Map;)V a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isTexturePresent (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/checkModelHierarchy (Ljava/util/Map;)V b (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isGui3d ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/resolveTextureName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/isResolved ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/startsWithHash (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getParentLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; e ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getRootModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; f ()Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/getAllTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; g ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock/hasParent ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/parseVariantsList (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/parseVariants (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Ljava/util/Map$Entry;)Lbgm$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgm$c;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseRotation (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/makeModelLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseModel (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseWeight (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/parseUvLock (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getModelLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; b ()Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/isUvLocked ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/getWeight ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variant/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbgm$d;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/getVariants ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/parseFromReader (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; a (Ljava/io/Reader;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/getVariants (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition$Variants; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgm$d;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/remapVert (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BreakingFour/remapQuad ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getMatrixIdentity ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f; a ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/lockVertexUv (I[ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (I[ILcq;Lbgk;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/makeQuadVertexData (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;[FLnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)[I a (Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;[FLbor;Lbgj;ZZ)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFaceShadeColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotatePart (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;)V a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lbgj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotateVertex (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;ILnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)I a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lcq;ILbor;Z)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getPositionsDiv16 (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)[F a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)[F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/makeBakedQuad (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad; a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;Lbor;Lbgj;ZZ)Lbgg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/rotateScale (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)V a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFacingFromVertexData ([I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a ([I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/storeVertexData ([IIILorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;)V a ([IIILorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;ILbmi;Lbgk;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/fillVertexData ([IILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;[FLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartRotation;ZZ)V a ([IILcq;Lbgi;[FLbmi;Lbor;Lbgj;ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/applyFacing ([ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a ([ILcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/lockUv ([ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockFaceUV;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a ([ILcq;Lbgk;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/FaceBakery/getFaceBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)F b (Lcq;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178383_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing; a ()Lbgp$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178382_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178385_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178384_c ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$Span/func_178381_d ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;)Z a (Lbgp$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178372_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178371_c ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/func_178369_d ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing; values ()[Lbgp$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178394_a (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Ljava/util/List; a (ILjava/lang/String;Lbmi;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178396_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;Ljava/util/List;[IIIIIZ)V a (Lbgp$b;Ljava/util/List;[IIIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/makeItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; a (Lbmh;Lbgl;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178393_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lbmi;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178397_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; a (Lbmi;Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178395_a (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator$SpanFacing;II)V a (Ljava/util/List;Lbgp$b;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemModelGenerator/func_178391_a ([IIIII)Z a ([IIIII)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/parseVector3f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;)Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Vector3f;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/func_181683_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$Deserializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType; values ()[Lbgr$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/applyTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V a (Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/getTransform (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f; b (Lbgr$b;)Lbgq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms/func_181687_c (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)Z c (Lbgr$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/putStateModelLocations (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lafh;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMapperBase/getPropertyString (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/putAllStateModelLocations ()Ljava/util/Map; a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/registerBlockStateMapper (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper;)V a (Lafh;Lbgy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/BlockStateMapper/registerBuiltInBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a ([Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/DefaultStateMapper/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/build ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap; a ()Lbgx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/withName (Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; a (Lamo;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/withSuffix (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder/ignore ([Lnet/minecraft/block/properties/IProperty;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap$Builder; a ([Lamo;)Lbgx$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/StateMap/getModelResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lalz;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/block/statemap/IStateMapper/putStateModelLocations (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lafh;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSetSpawnpoint/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/func_178463_a (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Laku;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBanner;DDDFI)V a (Laku;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBannerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/forceTileEntityRender ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityBeacon;DDDFI)V a (Lakv;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityBeaconRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; a ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/cacheActiveRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V a (Ladm;Lbmj;Lavn;Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDF)V a (Lakw;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/renderTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;FI)V a (Lakw;FI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getSpecialRendererByClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lbhd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher/getSpecialRenderer (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer; b (Lakw;)Lbhd;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/forceTileEntityRender ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/setRendererDispatcher (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher;)V a (Lbhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySpecialRenderer/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityChest;DDDFI)V a (Laky;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTableRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnchantmentTable;DDDFI)V a (Lale;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChestRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest;DDDFI)V a (Lalf;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderMob (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic;DDDF)V a (Ladd;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawnerRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityMobSpawner;DDDFI)V a (Lall;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityPistonRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityPiston;DDDFI)V a (Lalu;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySignRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;DDDFI)V a (Laln;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderSkull (FFFLnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FILcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;I)V a (FFFLcq;FILcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySkull;DDDFI)V a (Lalo;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntitySkullRenderer/setRendererDispatcher (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityRendererDispatcher;)V a (Lbhc;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/func_147525_a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer; a (FFFF)Ljava/nio/FloatBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;DDDFI)V a (Lakw;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortalRenderer/renderTileEntityAt (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEndPortal;DDDFI)V a (Lalp;DDDFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status; values ()[Lbhn$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type; values ()[Lbhn$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status; a ()Lbhn$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setRegionRenderCacheBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder;)V a (Lbfg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setStatus (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Status;)V a (Lbhn$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/setCompiledChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V a (Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/addFinishRunnable (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)V a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getRenderChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; b ()Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getCompiledChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk; c ()Lbhq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getRegionRenderCacheBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; d ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/finish ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getLock ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock; f ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator$Type; g ()Lbhn$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator/isFinished ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/getDebugInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/runChunkUploads (J)Z a (J)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ladf;Lbfd;Lbht;Lbhq;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadDisplayList (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)V a (Lbfd;ILbht;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/uploadVertexBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer;)V a (Lbfd;Lbmt;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/freeRenderBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder;)V a (Lbfg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher;)Ljava/util/concurrent/BlockingQueue; a (Lbho;)Ljava/util/concurrent/BlockingQueue;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateChunkLater (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z a (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/stopChunkUpdates ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateChunkNow (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z b (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/allocateRenderBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; c ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/updateTransparencyLater (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk;)Z c (Lbht;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/getNextChunkUpdate ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; d ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderDispatcher/clearChunkUpdates ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onSuccess (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker$2/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/access$100 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/processTask (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V a (Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V a (Lbhp;Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/getRegionRenderCacheBuilder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RegionRenderCacheBuilder; b ()Lbfg;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/freeRenderBuilder (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V b (Lbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkRenderWorker/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/setLayerUsed (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk$1/setLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V c (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isEmpty ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setLayerUsed (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V a (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/addTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V a (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setVisibility (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility;)V a (Lbhx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/getTileEntities ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isLayerEmpty (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Z b (Ladf;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/getState ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State; c ()Lbfd$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/setLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)V c (Ladf;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk/isLayerStarted (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;)Z d (Ladf;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/deleteGlResources ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ListedRenderChunk/getDisplayList (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)I a (Ladf;Lbhq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/deleteGlResources ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/resortTransparency (FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V a (FFFLbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setFrameIndex (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/postRenderBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumWorldBlockLayer;FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V a (Ladf;FFFLbfd;Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/preRenderBlocks (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lbfd;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setCompiledChunk (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk;)V a (Lbhq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getBlockPosOffset16 (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lcq;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/setNeedsUpdate (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/finishCompileTask ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/rebuildChunk (FFFLnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator;)V b (FFFLbhn;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getVertexBufferByLayer (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer; b (I)Lbmt;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getLockCompileTask ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock; c ()Ljava/util/concurrent/locks/ReentrantLock;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/makeCompileTaskChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; d ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/makeCompileTaskTransparency ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/ChunkCompileTaskGenerator; e ()Lbhn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/multModelviewMatrix ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getCompiledChunk ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/CompiledChunk; g ()Lbhq;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/stopCompileTask ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; j ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/isNeedsUpdate ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk/initModelviewMatrix ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/IRenderChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VboChunkFactory/makeRenderChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/RenderGlobal;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/RenderChunk; a (Ladm;Lbfr;Lcj;I)Lbht;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/computeVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility; a ()Lbhx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178604_a (I)Ljava/util/Set; a (I)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/getIndex (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178603_a (ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (ILcq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178610_a (ILjava/util/Set;)V a (ILjava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178606_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/func_178609_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/Set; b (Lcj;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/VisGraph/getIndex (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I c (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/isVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setVisible (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Z)V a (Lcq;Lcq;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setManyVisible (Ljava/util/Set;)V a (Ljava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/setAllVisible (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/chunk/SetVisibility/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandShowSeed/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera/setPosition (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera/isBoundingBoxInFrustum (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper; a ()Lbid;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/normalize ([F)V a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelperImpl/init ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/setPosition (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/isBoundingBoxInFrustum (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z a (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/Frustum/isBoxInFrustum (DDDDDD)Z b (DDDDDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/dot ([FDDD)D a ([FDDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ClippingHelper/isBoxInFrustum (DDDDDD)Z b (DDDDDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer$1/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelArmorStand; a ()Lbat;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lum;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;FFF)V a (Lum;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/ArmorStandRenderer/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;)Z b (Lum;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwq;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderArrow/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;DDDFF)V a (Lwq;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;F)V a (Ltk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBat/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat;FFF)V a (Ltk;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBlaze/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvl;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lux;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBoat/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat;DDDFF)V a (Lux;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvm;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider;F)V a (Lvm;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCaveSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwc;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltn;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken;F)F a (Ltn;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderChicken/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F b (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCow/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lto;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FF)I a (Lpr;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvn;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;F)V a (Lvn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderCreeper/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;FF)I a (Lvn;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luf;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderEnderCrystal/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal;DDDFF)V a (Luf;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lug;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/drawRechargeRay (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;DDDF)V a (Lug;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;DDDFF)V a (Lug;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFF)V a (Lug;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderDragon/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFF)V a (Lug;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvo;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEnderman/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;DDDFF)V a (Lvo;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)F a (Lvp;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F b (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEndermite/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lvp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/isRenderShadow ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderPosition (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setPlayerViewY (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/set (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/cacheActiveRenderInfo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings;F)V a (Ladm;Lavn;Lpk;Lpk;Lavh;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getEntityClassRenderObject (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lbiv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getEntityRenderObject (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render; a (Lpk;)Lbiv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntityWithPosYaw (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)Z a (Lpk;DDDFF)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/doRenderEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFFZ)Z a (Lpk;DDDFFZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntitySimple (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)Z a (Lpk;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderEntityStatic (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FZ)Z a (Lpk;FZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderShadow (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/isDebugBoundingBox ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getDistanceToCamera (DDD)D b (DDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderDebugBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V b (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/renderWitherSkull (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;F)V b (Lpk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setDebugBoundingBox (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/getFontRenderer ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager/setRenderOutlines (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getWorldFromRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderShadowBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;DDDLnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FFDDD)V a (Lafh;DDDLcj;FFDDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderOffsetAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;DDD)V a (Laug;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderEntityOnFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDF)V a (Lpk;DDDF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V a (Lpk;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;DDDI)V a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;DDDI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/doRenderShadowAndFire (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V b (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getFontRendererFromRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer; c ()Lavn;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/bindEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/renderShadow (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V c (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/Render/getRenderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderManager; d ()Lbiu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderXPOrb/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb;DDDFF)V a (Lpp;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFallingBlock/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock;DDDFF)V a (Luy;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lws;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFireball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;DDDFF)V a (Lws;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lur;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderFish/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook;DDDFF)V a (Lur;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111095_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111093_a (DDDD)Z a (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111092_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)I a (Ladm;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111099_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;)D a (Lbj$a;)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111097_a (Ljava/util/Random;DDDD)V a (Ljava/util/Random;DDDD)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111096_b ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111098_b (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Z b (Ladm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position/func_111094_b (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;)V b (Lbj$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110668_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;DLnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/util/Random;DDDD[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;Z)I a (Lbj$a;DLadm;Ljava/util/Random;DDDD[Lbj$a;Z)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110671_a (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;Z)D a (Ljava/util/List;Ladm;[Lbj$a;Z)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110670_a (Ljava/util/Random;IDDDD)[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position; a (Ljava/util/Random;IDDDD)[Lbj$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110669_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers$Position;DDLnet/minecraft/world/World;Z)V a (Lm;Ljava/util/List;Lbj$a;DDLadm;Z)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/func_110667_a (Ljava/util/List;)I b (Ljava/util/List;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandSpreadPlayers/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvr;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGhast/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast;F)V a (Lvr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie$1/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvs;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGiantZombie/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie;F)V a (Lvs;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/func_177110_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpr;DF)Laui;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lps;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvt;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;DDDFF)V a (Lvt;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;F)V a (Lvt;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderGuardian/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lvt;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;F)V a (Ltp;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderHorse/func_110848_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Ltp;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderBiped/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;DDDFF)V a (Luz;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/func_177077_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;DDDFLnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)I a (Luz;DDDFLboq;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderEntityItem/func_177078_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I a (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luo;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;DDD)V a (Luo;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;DDDFF)V a (Luo;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderItemFrame/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)V b (Luo;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$5/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$6/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$7/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$8/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem$9/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation; a (Lzx;)Lbov;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/getItemModelMesher ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ItemModelMesher; a ()Lbfo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/setupGuiTransform (IIZ)V a (IIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;ILjava/lang/String;)V a (Lafh;ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lafh;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemOverlays (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V a (Lavn;Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemOverlayIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/FontRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IILjava/lang/String;)V a (Lavn;Lzx;IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/draw (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;IIIIIIII)V a (Lbfd;IIIIIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/putQuadNormal (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)V a (Lbfd;Lbgg;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;I)V a (Lbfd;Lbgg;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderQuads (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;Ljava/util/List;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lbfd;Ljava/util/List;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/isThereOneNegativeScale (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemTransformVec3f;)Z a (Lbgq;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderEffect (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)V a (Lboq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;I)V a (Lboq;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lboq;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lboq;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;ILjava/lang/String;)V a (Lzw;ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lzw;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/shouldRenderItemIn3D (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V a (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V a (Lzx;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;)V a (Lzx;Lboq;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemModelTransform (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V a (Lzx;Lboq;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemModelForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms$TransformType;)V a (Lzx;Lpr;Lbgr$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/isNotRenderingEffectsInGUI (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/registerItems ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/preTransform (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderItem/renderItemAndEffectIntoGUI (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V b (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvu;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMagmaCube/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube;F)V a (Lvu;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lup;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLeashKnot/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot;DDDFF)V a (Lup;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luv;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLightningBolt/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;DDDFF)V a (Luv;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/interpolateRotation (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/addLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer;)Z a (Lblb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDD)V a (Lpk;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V a (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getColorMultiplier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FF)I a (Lpr;FF)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderModel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderLayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FZ)Z a (Lpr;FZ)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setRenderOutlines (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/removeLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer;)Z b (Lblb;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F b (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/renderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V b (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F b (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setScoreTeamColor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/setDoRenderBrightness (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)Z c (Lpr;F)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/getSwingProgress (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F d (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/unsetScoreTeamColor ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RendererLivingEntity/unsetBrightness ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lva;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;DDDFF)V a (Lva;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMinecartMobSpawner/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lvh;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/interpolateValue (DDD)D a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lpk;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/setLightmap (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;F)V a (Lps;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/shouldRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/culling/ICamera;DDD)Z a (Lps;Lbia;DDD)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/canRenderName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Z b (Lps;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderLiving/renderLeash (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V b (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderMooshroom/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltr;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lts;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderOcelot/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot;F)V a (Lts;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luq;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;DDDFF)V a (Luq;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/setLightmap (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;FF)V a (Luq;FF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPainting/renderPainting (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting;IIII)V a (Luq;IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPig/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltt;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie$1/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPigZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvw;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderRabbit/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltu;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSheep/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltv;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish;)F a (Lvz;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F b (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSilverfish/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Lvz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton$1/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwa;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSkeleton/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton;F)V a (Lwa;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwb;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;DDDFF)V a (Lwb;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSlime/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;F)V a (Lwb;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltw;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowMan/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelSnowMan; g ()Lbcd;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/func_175776_d ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandStats/func_175777_e ()Ljava/util/List; e ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwc;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)F b (Lpr;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSpider/getDeathMaxRotation (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;)F b (Lwc;)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ltx;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;F)F a (Ltx;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;FFF)V a (Ltx;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSquid/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F b (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderSnowball/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d (Lpk;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lxc;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPotion/func_177082_d (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d (Lpk;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lva;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTntMinecart/func_180560_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT;FLnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lvi;FLalz;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lvj;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderTNTPrimed/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed;DDDFF)V a (Lvj;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lty;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderIronGolem/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;FFF)V a (Lty;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwi;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager;F)V a (Lwi;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderVillager/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelVillager; g ()Lbci;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwd;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;DDDFF)V a (Lwd;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWitch/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;F)V a (Lwd;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Luk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;DDDFF)V a (Luk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWither/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;F)V a (Luk;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/func_82400_a (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lxd;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/tileentity/RenderWitherSkull/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull;DDDFF)V a (Lxd;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lua;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;DDDFF)V a (Lua;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;F)F a (Lua;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderWolf/handleRotationFloat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)F b (Lpr;F)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie$1/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lps;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;DDDFF)V a (Lps;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lwe;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;DDDFF)V a (Lwe;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;FFF)V a (Lwe;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderZombie/func_82427_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie;)V b (Lwe;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorModel (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; a (I)Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;I)V a (Lbbo;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFFI)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFFI)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getCurrentArmor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lpr;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/renderGlint (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;Lbbo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorResource (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lyj;Z)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/getArmorResource (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor;ZLjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lyj;ZLjava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArmorBase/isSlotForLeggings (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerArrow/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFFFFFF)V a (Lbet;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCape/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;FFFFFFF)V a (Lvo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldBlock/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper;FFFFFFF)V a (Lvn;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCreeperCharge/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerCustomHead/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFFFFFF)V a (Lbet;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerDeadmau5Head/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFFF)V a (Lug;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonDeath/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon;FFFFFFF)V a (Lug;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEnderDragonEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;FFFFFFF)V a (Lvo;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerEndermanEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped;)V a (Lbbj;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBiped;I)V a (Lbbj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerBipedArmor/setModelPartVisible (Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase;I)V a (Lbbo;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItem/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom;FFFFFFF)V a (Ltr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerMooshroomMushroom/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandStop/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig;FFFFFFF)V a (Ltt;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSaddle/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerRenderer/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep;FFFFFFF)V a (Ltv;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSheepWool/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime;FFFFFFF)V a (Lwb;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSlimeGel/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman;FFFFFFF)V a (Ltw;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSnowmanHead/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider;FFFFFFF)V a (Lwc;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerSpiderEyes/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerVillagerArmor/initArmor ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem;FFFFFFF)V a (Lty;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerIronGolemFlower/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch;FFFFFFF)V a (Lwd;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerHeldItemWitch/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither;FFFFFFF)V a (Luk;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWitherAura/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFFFFFF)V a (Lpr;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/doRenderLayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf;FFFFFFF)V a (Lua;FFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/layers/LayerWolfCollar/shouldCombineTextures ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/transformHeldFull3DItemLayer ()V C_ ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lbet;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDD)V a (Lbet;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDDFF)V a (Lbet;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V a (Lbet;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;F)V a (Lbet;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;FFF)V a (Lbet;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getEntityTexture (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lpk;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFF)V a (Lpk;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderOffsetLivingLabel (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V a (Lpk;DDDLjava/lang/String;FD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLivingAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDD)V a (Lpr;DDD)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/doRender (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;DDDFF)V a (Lpr;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/preRenderCallback (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/rotateCorpse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;FFF)V a (Lpr;FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelBase; b ()Lbbo;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderRightArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V b (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/renderLeftArm (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V c (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/setModelVisibilities (Lnet/minecraft/client/entity/AbstractClientPlayer;)V d (Lbet;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/entity/RenderPlayer/getMainModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/model/ModelPlayer; g ()Lbbr;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148109_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148110_a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lblo;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148108_a (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148111_b ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/func_148107_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonBlendingMode/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFFF)V a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V a (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/set ([F)V a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderDefault/func_148092_b (FFFF)V b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/deleteShader ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/parseSampler (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getShaderUniform (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lblv;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/addSamplerTexture (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/endShader ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/parseUniform (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getShaderUniformOrDefault (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lblv;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/useShader ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/markDirty ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getVertexShaderLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; e ()Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getFragmentShaderLoader ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; f ()Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/getProgram ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager/setupUniforms ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/deleteShaderGroup ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/loadShaderGroup (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/createBindFramebuffers (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/parsePass (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V a (Lbmj;Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/parseGroup (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (Lbmj;Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/initTarget (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getFramebufferRaw (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/addFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;II)V a (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/addShader (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Shader; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lbfw;Lbfw;)Lbls;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getShaderGroupName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/initUniform (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/getFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/Framebuffer; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbfw;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderGroup/resetProjectionMatrix ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/loadShader (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/addAuxFramebuffer (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;II)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;II)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/setProjectionMatrix (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/deleteShader ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/getShaderManager ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager; c ()Lblq;
net/minecraft/client/shader/Shader/preLoadShader ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderExtension ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getShaderMode ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/getLoadedShaders ()Ljava/util/Map; d ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType; values ()[Lblt$a;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/getShaderFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/attachShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V a (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/loadShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader$ShaderType;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader; a (Lbni;Lblt$a;Ljava/lang/String;)Lblt;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/toByteArray (Ljava/io/BufferedInputStream;)[B a (Ljava/io/BufferedInputStream;)[B
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLoader/deleteShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V b (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/setNewStaticShaderLinkHelper ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/deleteShader (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V a (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/getStaticShaderLinkHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper; b ()Lblu;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/linkProgram (Lnet/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderManager;)V b (Lblq;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderLinkHelper/createProgram ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/getShaderName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFFF)V a (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V a (FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/parseType (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V a (Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/set ([F)V a ([F)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/upload ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/func_148092_b (FFFF)V b (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/setUniformLocation (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/markDirty ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadInt ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadFloat ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/shader/ShaderUniform/uploadFloatMatrix ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/restoreLastBlurMipmap ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/setBlurMipmapDirect (ZZ)V a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/getGlTextureId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/setBlurMipmap (ZZ)V b (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/AbstractTexture/deleteGlTexture ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/updateDynamicTexture ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture/getTextureData ()[I e ()[I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandSummon/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbma;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/setBufferedImage (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)V a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/getGlTextureId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Ljava/io/File; b (Lbma;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/IImageBuffer; c (Lbma;)Lbfm;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/loadTextureFromServer ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/access$200 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; f ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/ThreadDownloadImageData/checkTextureUploaded ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator/registerSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;)V a (Lbmh;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredColorMaskTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/LayeredTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/SimpleTexture/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getAtlasSprite ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/setNewDimension (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)I a (Lbmf$a;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getWidth ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/getHeight ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/rotate ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/isRotated ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getStitchHolder ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder; a ()Lbmf$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/addSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z a (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getAllStitchSlots (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getOriginX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/getOriginY ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Slot/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getCurrentWidth ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/access$000 (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/allocateSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z a (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/addSprite (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getCurrentHeight ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getMipmapDimension (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/expandAndAllocateSlot (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher$Holder;)Z b (Lbmf$a;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/doStitch ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/Stitcher/getStichSlots ()Ljava/util/List; d ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/setMipmapLevels (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/IIconCreator;)V a (Lbni;Lbmb;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/getAtlasSprite (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/registerSprite (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Ljy;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/completeResourceLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ljy;I)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/loadTextureAtlas (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V b (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/updateAnimations ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/tick ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/getMissingSprite ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; f ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap/initMissingImage ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getOriginX ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getInterpolatedU (D)F a (D)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameTextureData (I)[[I a (I)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/initSprite (IIIIZ)V a (IIIIZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/copyFrom (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setLocationNameClock (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setFramesTextureData (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/makeAtlasSprite (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; a (Ljy;)Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/loadSprite ([Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection;)V a ([Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;Lboa;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameTextureData ([[IIII)[[I a ([[IIII)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getOriginY ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getInterpolatedV (D)F b (D)F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setIconWidth (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setLocationNameCompass (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconWidth ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/setIconHeight (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconHeight ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/generateMipmaps (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMinU ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/allocateFrameTextureData (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMaxU ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMinV ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getMaxV ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getIconName ()Ljava/lang/String; i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/updateAnimation ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/getFrameCount ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/clearFramesTextureData ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/hasAnimationMetadata ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/updateAnimationInterpolated ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/resetSprite ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/getDynamicTextureLocation (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/DynamicTexture;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lblz;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/bindTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V a (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject;)Z a (Ljy;Lbmk;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/loadTickableTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickableTextureObject;)Z a (Ljy;Lbmn;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/getTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject; b (Ljy;)Lbmk;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/deleteTexture (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)V c (Ljy;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager/tick ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/restoreLastBlurMipmap ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/loadTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/getGlTextureId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITextureObject/setBlurMipmap (ZZ)V b (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/glGenTextures ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/deleteTexture (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/allocateTexture (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/allocateTextureImpl (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/blendColorComponent (IIIII)I a (IIIII)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/blendColors (IIIIZ)I a (IIIIZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/generateMipmapData (II[[I)[[I a (II[[I)[[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImage (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)I a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageSub (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)I a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageAllocate (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;ZZ)I a (ILjava/awt/image/BufferedImage;ZZ)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTexture (I[III)V a (I[III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureSub (I[IIIIIZZZ)V a (I[IIIIIZZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/readImageData (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)[I a (Lbni;Ljy;)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureImageSubImpl (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)V a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;IIZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/readBufferedImage (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureClamped (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureBlurMipmap (ZZ)V a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/updateAnaglyph ([I)[I a ([I)[I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/copyToBuffer ([II)V a ([II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/processPixelValues ([III)V a ([III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/uploadTextureMipmap ([[IIIIIZZ)V a ([[IIIIIZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/bindTexture (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/setTextureBlurred (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/copyToBufferPos ([III)V b ([III)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureUtil/anaglyphColor (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/ITickable/tick ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureClock/updateAnimation ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/updateCompass (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDZZ)V a (Ladm;DDDZZ)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureCompass/updateAnimation ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/bindBuffer ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/drawArrays (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/bufferData (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V a (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/unbindBuffer ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexBuffer/deleteGlBuffers ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/clear ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasUvOffset (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; a (Lbmv;)Lbmu;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getUvOffsetById (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement; c (I)Lbmv;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasColor ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getOffset (I)I d (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getNextOffset ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; h ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/getElementCount ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/hasPosition ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getSize ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/getGlConstant ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType; values ()[Lbmv$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage; values ()[Lbmv$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumType; a ()Lbmv$a;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/func_177372_a (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage;)Z a (ILbmv$b;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getUsage ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement$EnumUsage; b ()Lbmv$b;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getElementCount ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/getSize ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/isPositionElement ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/readMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Lbny;Ljava/io/InputStream;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getRelativeName (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/io/File;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/logNameNotLowercase (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/AbstractResourcePack/locationToName (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljy;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourceIndex/getResourceMap ()Ljava/util/Map; a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getDefaultSkinLegacy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getDefaultSkin (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/getSkinType (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/util/UUID;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultPlayerSkin/isSlimSkin (Ljava/util/UUID;)Z c (Ljava/util/UUID;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTeleport/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getInputStreamAssets (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; c (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/DefaultResourcePack/getResourceStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; d (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/finalize ()V finalize ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager$InputStreamLeakedResourceLogger/read ()I read ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/addResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)V a (Lbnk;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljy;Lbnk;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FallbackResourceManager/getLocationMcmeta (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; c (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/close ()V close ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/getResourcePackZipFile ()Ljava/util/zip/ZipFile; d ()Ljava/util/zip/ZipFile;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FileResourcePack/finalize ()V finalize ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/getInputStreamByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/hasResourceName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/FolderResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/FoliageColorReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/GrassColorReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager/registerReloadListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener;)V a (Lbnj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IReloadableResourceManager/reloadResources (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getResourceLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getMetadata (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; b ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/hasMetadata ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResource/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackImage ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a ()Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Lbny;Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getInputStream (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/io/InputStream; a (Ljy;)Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getPackName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/resourceExists (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Z b (Ljy;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$1/accept (Ljava/io/File;)Z accept (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V onFailure (Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$3/onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V onSuccess (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/updateResourcePack ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/bindTexturePackIcon (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureManager;)V a (Lbmj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/closeResourcePack ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getResourcePack ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack; c ()Lbnk;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/getTexturePackDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/func_183027_f ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/updateRepositoryEntriesAll ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/setResourcePackInstance (Ljava/io/File;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/io/File;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/setRepositories (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getRepositoryEntriesAll ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getRepositoryEntries ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getDirResourcepacks ()Ljava/io/File; d ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getResourcePackInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack; e ()Lbnk;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/clearResourcePack ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/fixDirResourcepacks ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/getResourcePackFiles ()Ljava/util/List; h ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/ResourcePackRepository/deleteOldServerResourcesPacks ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lbnk;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getResourceDomains ()Ljava/util/Set; a ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/registerReloadListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManagerReloadListener;)V a (Lbnj;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourcePack;)V a (Lbnk;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/reloadResources (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResource; a (Ljy;)Lbnh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/clearResources ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/getAllResources (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleReloadableResourceManager/notifyReloadListeners ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getResourceLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getMetadata (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; b ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/hasMetadata ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/getResourcePackName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/SimpleResource/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/load (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$1/load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; load (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/skinAvailable ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$2/parseUserSkin (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage; a (Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;)Ljava/awt/image/BufferedImage;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback/skinAvailable (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Ljy;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; a (Lbnp;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkinFromCache (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadProfileTextures (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback;Z)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Lbnp$a;Z)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager/loadSkin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/SkinManager$SkinAvailableCallback;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture;Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftProfileTexture$Type;Lbnp$a;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/setLocale (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Locale;)V a (Lbnt;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/I18n/format (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/getLanguageCode ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language;)I a (Lbnr;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/isBidirectional ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/Language/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/isCurrentLocaleUnicode ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/setCurrentLanguage (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language;)V a (Lbnr;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/parseLanguageMetadata (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/isCurrentLanguageBidirectional ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/getCurrentLanguage ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/Language; c ()Lbnr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/LanguageManager/getLanguages ()Ljava/util/SortedSet; d ()Ljava/util/SortedSet;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/isUnicode ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleDataFiles (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lbni;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleData (Ljava/io/InputStream;)V a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/formatMessage (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/loadLocaleData (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/checkUnicode ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/Locale/translateKeyPrivate (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/getGson ()Lcom/google/gson/Gson; a ()Lcom/google/gson/Gson;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/registerMetadataSectionType (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSectionSerializer;Ljava/lang/Class;)V a (Lbnx;Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSerializer/parseMetadataSection (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/IMetadataSection; a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lbnw;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/hasNoTime ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/getFrameTime ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame/getFrameIndex ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameHeight ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameTimeSingle (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameWidth ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/frameHasTime (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameCount ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameIndex (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameTime ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getAnimationFrame (I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame; d (I)Lbnz;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/isInterpolate ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection/getFrameIndexSet ()Ljava/util/Set; f ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/parseAnimationFrame (ILcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationFrame; a (ILcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Lbnz;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lboa;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lboa;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/AnimationMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbod;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/FontMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection/getLanguages ()Ljava/util/Collection; a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbog;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/LanguageMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/getPackDescription ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection/getPackFormat ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lboj;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lboj;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/PackMetadataSectionSerializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getTextureBlur ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getTextureClamp ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection/getListMipmaps ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/getSectionName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSection; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbon;
net/minecraft/client/resources/data/TextureMetadataSectionSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/getMatrix4d ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f; a ()Lorg/lwjgl/util/vector/Matrix4f;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/getModelRotation (II)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; a (II)Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/rotateFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Lcq;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/rotateVertex (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)I a (Lcq;I)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/combineXY (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation; values ()[Lbor;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isGui3d ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/BuiltInModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/compare (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)I a (Lbov;Lbov;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$1/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery$2/registerSprites (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap;)V a (Lbmh;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/setupModelRegistry ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IRegistry; a ()Ldb;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/makeBakedQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPart;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BlockPartFace;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad; a (Lbgh;Lbgi;Lbmi;Lcq;Lbor;Z)Lbgg;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getTextureLocations (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Ljava/util/Set; a (Lbgl;)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelRotation;Z)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (Lbgl;Lbor;Z)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/registerVariant (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition;Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)V a (Lbgm;Lbov;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lbot;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getItemLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariants (Ljava/util/Collection;)V a (Ljava/util/Collection;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getModelBlockDefinition (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlockDefinition; a (Ljy;)Lbgm;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getVariantNames (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lzw;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariantItemModels ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/hasItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Z b (Lbgl;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getBlockStateLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; b (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadVariantModels ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/isCustomRenderer (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Z c (Lbgl;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModel (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; c (Ljy;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadItemModels ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/makeItemModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock;)Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ModelBlock; d (Lbgl;)Lbgl;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getModelLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; d (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/registerVariantNames ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getParentPath (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/util/List; e (Ljy;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeBlockModels ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getParentLocation (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; f (Ljy;)Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getVariantsTextureLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; g ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModelsCheck ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadModels ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/loadSprites ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/getItemsTextureLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; k ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelBakery/bakeItemModels ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getMissingModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getModel (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (Lbov;)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getTextureMap ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureMap; b ()Lbmh;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelManager/getBlockModelShapes ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/BlockModelShapes; c ()Lbgc;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/parsePathString (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/getVariant ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/ModelResourceLocation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addGeneralQuad (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; a (Lbgg;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/setTexture (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; a (Lbmi;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addGeneralBreakingFours (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;)V a (Lboq;Lbmi;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addFaceBreakingFours (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lboq;Lbmi;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/addFaceQuad (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/BakedQuad;)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder; a (Lcq;Lbgg;)Lbow$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel$Builder/makeBakedModel ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; b ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/SimpleBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/build ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel; a ()Lbox;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/add (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel;I)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder; a (Lboq;I)Lbox$a;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$Builder/first ()Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; b ()Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/getCountQuads ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem;)I a (Lbox$b;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel$MyWeighedRandomItem/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getGeneralQuads ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getAlternativeModel (J)Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/model/IBakedModel; a (J)Lboq;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getFaceQuads (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lcq;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isAmbientOcclusion ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isGui3d ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/isBuiltInRenderer ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getParticleTexture ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/texture/TextureAtlasSprite; e ()Lbmi;
net/minecraft/client/resources/model/WeightedBakedModel/getItemCameraTransforms ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/block/model/ItemCameraTransforms; f ()Lbgr;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestForBlock/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getSoundLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/canRepeat ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getRepeatDelay ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getVolume ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getPitch ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getXPosF ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getYPosF ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getZPosF ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSound/getAttenuationType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; j ()Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSound/isDonePlaying ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/GuardianSound/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecart/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MovingSoundMinecartRiding/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; a (Ljy;)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;F)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; a (Ljy;F)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord/create (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;FFF)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/PositionedSoundRecord; a (Ljy;FFF)Lbpf;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategoryName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategory (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/getCategoryId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; values ()[Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/getType (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; values ()[Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryVolume (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryWeight (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryType (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type;)V a (Lbph$a$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setStreaming (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryVolume ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/setSoundEntryPitch (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryPitch ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryWeight ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/getSoundEntryType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry$Type; e ()Lbph$a$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList$SoundEntry/isStreaming ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/getSoundList ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/setSoundCategory (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)V a (Lbpg;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/setReplaceExisting (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/canReplaceExisting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList/getSoundCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; c ()Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lbph;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundListSerializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/getTypeInt ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; values ()[Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getSoundLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/canRepeat ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getRepeatDelay ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getVolume ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getPitch ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getXPosF ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getYPosF ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getZPosF ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISound/getAttenuationType ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound$AttenuationType; j ()Lbpj$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ITickableSound/isDonePlaying ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/allowUserToConnect (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer; b ()Lbpo;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; c ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedPlayerList/getHostPlayerData ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; t ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer$3/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/tick ()V A ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setStaticInstance ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/loadAllWorlds (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/setDifficultyForAllWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z ai ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z al ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getPublic ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/createNewCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager; h ()Lbd;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/startServer ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; m ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; n ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/isHardcore ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/stopServer ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/initiateShutdown ()V w ()V
net/minecraft/server/integrated/IntegratedServer/getDataDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; y ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/getServerMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/getServerIpPort ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServer/updateLastSeen ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$ThreadLanServerFind/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/getWasUpdated ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/func_77551_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/net/InetAddress;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/net/InetAddress;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/setWasNotUpdated ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector$LanServerList/getLanServers ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/access$000 ()Ljava/util/concurrent/atomic/AtomicInteger; a ()Ljava/util/concurrent/atomic/AtomicInteger;
net/minecraft/client/network/LanServerDetector/access$100 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getMotdFromPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/getAdFromPingResponse (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/interrupt ()V interrupt ()V
net/minecraft/client/multiplayer/ThreadLanServerPing/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMusicLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMinDelay ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/getMaxDelay ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType; values ()[Lbpv$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/func_181557_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/func_181558_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker$MusicType;)V a (Lbpv$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/MusicTicker/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getSoundPoolEntryLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; a ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/setPitch (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getPitch ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/setVolume (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/getVolume ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry/isStreamingSound ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/errorMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;I)V errorMessage (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/importantMessage (Ljava/lang/String;I)V importantMessage (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1$1/message (Ljava/lang/String;I)V message (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/connect ()V connect ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2$1/getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream; getInputStream ()Ljava/io/InputStream;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$2/openConnection (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/net/URLConnection; openConnection (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/net/URLConnection;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread/playing (Ljava/lang/String;)Z playing (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/reloadSoundSystem ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getSoundCategoryVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F a (Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/setSoundCategoryVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/isSoundPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)Z a (Lbpj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playDelayedSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;I)V a (Lbpj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getNormalizedPitch (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry;)F a (Lbpj;Lbpw;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getNormalizedVolume (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)F a (Lbpj;Lbpw;Lbpg;)F
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;)Lnet/minecraft/client/settings/GameSettings; a (Lbpx;)Lavh;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread; a (Lbpx;Lbpx$a;)Lbpx$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;Z)Z a (Lbpx;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/getURLForSoundResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Ljava/net/URL; a (Ljy;)Ljava/net/URL;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/setListener (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;F)V a (Lwn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/unloadSoundSystem ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/stopSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V b (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager$SoundSystemStarterThread; b (Lbpx;)Lbpx$a;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/stopAllSounds ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/playSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V c (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/updateAllSounds ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/pauseAllSounds ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/resumeAllSounds ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; g ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/access$500 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Marker; h ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Marker;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundManager/loadSoundSystem ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getWeight ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/addSoundToEventPool (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor;)V a (Lbqb;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; b ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getSoundEventLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation; c ()Ljy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/getSoundCategory ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory; d ()Lbpg;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/getWeight ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; b ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler$2/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/pauseSounds ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/onResourceManagerReload (Lnet/minecraft/client/resources/IResourceManager;)V a (Lbni;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/setSoundLevel (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;F)V a (Lbpg;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/playSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V a (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/playDelayedSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;I)V a (Lbpj;I)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry; a (Lbpz;)Lbqa;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getSoundMap (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite; a (Ljy;)Lbpy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/loadSoundResource (Lnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundList;)V a (Ljy;Lbph;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/setListener (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;F)V a (Lwn;F)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/getRandomSoundFromCategories ([Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundCategory;)Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite; a ([Lbpg;)Lbpy;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/stopSounds ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/stopSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)V b (Lbpj;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/isSoundPlaying (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/ISound;)Z c (Lbpj;)Z
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/unloadSounds ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundHandler/resumeSounds ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandTestFor/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/clearMap ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/registerSound (Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessorComposite;)V a (Lbpy;)V
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundRegistry/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor/getWeight ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/ISoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/getWeight ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Lnet/minecraft/client/audio/SoundPoolEntry; b ()Lbpw;
net/minecraft/client/audio/SoundEventAccessor/cloneEntry ()Ljava/lang/Object; g ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152809_a ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152807_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152808_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152806_b ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/func_152810_c ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/bufferUnlockCallback (J)V bufferUnlockCallback (J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$1/stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$2/statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState; values ()[Lbqj$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152895_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152891_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152899_b ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152901_c ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener/func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getErrorCode ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; A ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getPixelFormat ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/PixelFormat; B ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/PixelFormat;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152817_A ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152851_B ()Z D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/statCallback ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152845_C ()Z F ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/requestCommercial ()Z G ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/stopBroadcasting ()Z H ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152847_F ()Z I ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152854_G ()Z J ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152821_H ()V K ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152835_I ()V L ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152838_J ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; M ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152823_L ()Z O ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152831_M ()V P ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152822_N ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer; Q ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setRecordingDeviceVolume (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152834_a (IIFF)Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams; a (IIFF)Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152827_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setBroadcastListener (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastListener;)V a (Lbqj$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152842_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_177947_a (Ljava/lang/String;JJLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;JJLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152840_a (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152828_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152818_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152853_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)Z a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/captureFramebuffer (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setIngestServer (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152836_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;)Z a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/VideoParams;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152858_b ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/setPlaybackDeviceVolume (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_177946_b (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)J b (Ljava/lang/String;JLjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/submitStreamFrame (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/FrameBuffer;)Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logError (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getStreamInfo ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo; j ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getChannelInfo ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo; l ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isBroadcasting ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isIngestTesting ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isBroadcastPaused ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152849_q ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getIngestServer ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; s ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getIngestList ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList; t ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/isReady ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; w ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/getStreamTime ()J x ()J
net/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController/func_152848_y ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatEmoticonDataDownloadCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatEmoticonDataDownloadCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatInitializationCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatInitializationCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$1/chatShutdownCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatShutdownCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; values ()[Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176040_a ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; a ()Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176035_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState;)V a (Lbqk$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176032_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176038_a (Z)Z a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176037_b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176031_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatBadgeDataDownloadCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatBadgeDataDownloadCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelMembershipCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatEvent;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatChannelInfo;)V chatChannelMembershipCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatEvent;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelRawMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V chatChannelRawMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelTokenizedMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V chatChannelTokenizedMessageCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatChannelUserChangeCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V chatChannelUserChangeCallback (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatClearCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V chatClearCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/chatStatusCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V chatStatusCallback (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176036_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176034_g ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176041_h ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176039_i ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176033_j ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatChannelListener/func_176030_k ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState; values ()[Lbqk$c;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumEmoticonMode; values ()[Lbqk$d;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176021_d ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176024_e ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener/func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175985_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152990_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatListener;)V a (Lbqk$e;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152984_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175986_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175987_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152994_a (Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V a (Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152998_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175990_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175989_e (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$EnumChannelState; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Lbqk$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_153000_j ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState; h ()Lbqk$c;
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152986_d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z j (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175991_l (Ljava/lang/String;)Z l (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175984_n ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152995_h (Ljava/lang/String;)V n (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152993_m ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_175988_p ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152997_n ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_153001_r ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152988_s ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController/func_152996_t ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/bufferUnlockCallback (J)V bufferUnlockCallback (J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V getArchivingStateCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ArchivingState;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V getGameNameListCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfoList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V getIngestServersCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V getStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V getUserInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/UserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V loginCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/broadcast/ChannelInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V requestAuthTokenCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V runCommercialCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendActionMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendEndSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V sendStartSpanMetaDataCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V setStreamInfoCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V startCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$1/stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V stopCallback (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$2/statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V statCallback (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StatType;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener/func_152907_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V a (Lbql;Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState; values ()[Lbql$b;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153042_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestListener;)V a (Lbql$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153034_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V a (Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153036_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153035_b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V b (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153040_c ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; c ()Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153029_c (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z c (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153028_p ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153032_e ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153030_h ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_176004_j ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153041_j ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153039_l ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153037_m ()J n ()J
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153038_n ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester/func_153031_o ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; values ()[Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152928_D ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; B ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152913_F ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152929_G ()Z D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; E ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/shutdownStream ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152935_j ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152922_k ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152936_l ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isBroadcasting ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/isPaused ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/requestCommercial ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/pause ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/unpause ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/updateStreamVolume ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152930_t ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/stopBroadcasting ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; s ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152909_x ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; v ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152908_z ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152920_A ()I x ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152927_B ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/IStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152928_D ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; B ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152913_F ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152929_G ()Z D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; E ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152942_I ()V F ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; G ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152895_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamFps (F)I a (F)I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152891_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController$BroadcastState;)V a (Lbqj$a;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176017_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController$ChatState;)V a (Lbqk$c;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152907_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester$IngestTestState;)V a (Lbql;Lbql$b;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/BroadcastController; a (Lbqn;)Lbqj;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; a (Lbqn;Lbqm$a;)Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180606_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176019_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176027_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180605_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatRawMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176025_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatTokenizedMessage;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176018_a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;[Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176028_a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;I)Z a (Ljava/util/Set;Ljava/util/Set;I)Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152897_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152900_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;Ltv/twitch/AuthToken;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152898_a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V a (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/GameInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152896_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestList;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152894_a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V a (Ltv/twitch/broadcast/StreamInfo;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152899_b ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamKbps (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream;)Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/ChatController; b (Lbqn;)Lbqk;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_180607_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152893_b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V b (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152901_c ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/formatStreamBps (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176016_c (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152892_c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V c (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176021_d ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176020_d (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176023_d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V d (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176024_e ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_176022_e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V e (Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/shutdownStream ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152935_j ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152922_k ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152936_l ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isBroadcasting ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/isPaused ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/requestCommercial ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/pause ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/unpause ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/updateStreamVolume ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152930_t ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/stopBroadcasting ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; s ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152909_x ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; v ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152908_z ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152920_A ()I x ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152927_B ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/TwitchStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152928_D ()Z A ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152912_E ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode; B ()Ltv/twitch/ErrorCode;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152913_F ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152929_G ()Z D ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152918_H ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IStream$AuthFailureReason; E ()Lbqm$a;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152937_a ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; a ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152911_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;J)V a (Lbqh;J)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_176026_a (Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/Metadata;JJ)V a (Lbqh;JJ)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/muteMicrophone (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152926_a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Ltv/twitch/chat/ChatUserInfo;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/shutdownStream ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152917_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152935_j ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152922_k ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152936_l ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isReadyToBroadcast ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isBroadcasting ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/isPaused ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/requestCommercial ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/pause ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/unpause ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/updateStreamVolume ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152930_t ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/stopBroadcasting ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152925_v ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer; s ()[Ltv/twitch/broadcast/IngestServer;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152909_x ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152932_y ()Lnet/minecraft/client/stream/IngestServerTester; v ()Lbql;
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152908_z ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152920_A ()I x ()I
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152927_B ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/client/stream/NullStream/func_152921_C ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/initializeTextures ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteShader (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setLightmapTextureCoords (IFF)V a (IFF)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetProgrami (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glRenderbufferStorage (IIII)V a (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glFramebufferTexture2D (IIIII)V a (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetUniformLocation (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I a (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glShaderSource (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V a (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBufferData (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;I)V a (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V a (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V a (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix2 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V a (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/areShadersSupported ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCreateShader (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glAttachShader (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glFramebufferRenderbuffer (IIII)V b (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetAttribLocation (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I b (ILjava/lang/CharSequence;)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform2 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V b (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform2 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V b (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix3 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V b (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/getLogText ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCompileShader (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetShaderi (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBlendFunc (IIII)V c (IIII)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform3 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V c (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform3 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V c (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniformMatrix4 (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V c (IZLjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCreateProgram ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUseProgram (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetShaderInfoLog (II)Ljava/lang/String; d (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform4 (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V d (ILjava/nio/FloatBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform4 (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V d (ILjava/nio/IntBuffer;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenBuffers ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteProgram (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGetProgramInfoLog (II)Ljava/lang/String; e (II)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/useVbo ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glLinkProgram (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glUniform1i (II)V f (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenFramebuffers ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteBuffers (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindBuffer (II)V g (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glGenRenderbuffers ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteRenderbuffers (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindFramebuffer (II)V h (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/isFramebufferEnabled ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glDeleteFramebuffers (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glBindRenderbuffer (II)V i (II)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/getCpu ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/glCheckFramebufferStatus (I)I j (I)I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setActiveTexture (I)V k (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/OpenGlHelper/setClientActiveTexture (I)V l (I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/setTime (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;I)V a (Lm;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/addTime (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;I)V b (Lm;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTime/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTitle/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandToggleDownfall/toggleDownfall ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandTrigger/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWeather/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandWhitelist/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandWorldBorder/getWorldBorder ()Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder; d ()Lams;
net/minecraft/command/CommandException/getErrorObjects ()[Ljava/lang/Object; a ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$7/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/getKey ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getStackTrace ()[Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement; a ()[Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getCoordinateInfo (DDD)Ljava/lang/String; a (DDD)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getPrunedStackTrace (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addBlockInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V a (Lc;Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addBlockInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lc;Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/getCoordinateInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lcj;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/firstTwoElementsOfStackTraceMatch (Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;)Z a (Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;Ljava/lang/StackTraceElement;)Z
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSection (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSectionThrowable (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/addCrashSectionCallable (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/appendToStringBuilder (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V a (Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory/trimStackTraceEntriesFromBottom (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/computeNext ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1$1/computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object; computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$1/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/computeNext ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos; a ()Lcj$a;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2$1/computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object; computeNext ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$2/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I a (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I b (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/set (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos; c (III)Lcj$a;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos;I)I c (Lcj$a;I)I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getX ()I n ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getY ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos$MutableBlockPos/getZ ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/up ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (DDD)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (III)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (III)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/fromLong (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (J)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/getAllInBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; a (Lcj;Lcj;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/offset (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lcq;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/offset (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lcq;I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/add (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/down ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/up (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/getAllInBoxMutable (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; b (Lcj;Lcj;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/subtract (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/north ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/down (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c (Ldf;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/south ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/north (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/west ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; e ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/south (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; e (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/east ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; f ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/west (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; f (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/toLong ()J g ()J
net/minecraft/util/BlockPos/east (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; g (I)Lcj;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockMetadata ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource/getBlockTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; h ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockMetadata ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getBlockTileEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity; h ()Lakw;
net/minecraft/block/BlockSourceImpl/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; i ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$GetList/apply ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/util/List; a ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$GetList/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/next ()[Ljava/lang/Object; a ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/endOfData ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/hasNext ()Z hasNext ()Z
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product$ProductIterator/next ()Ljava/lang/Object; next ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian$Product/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/access$200 (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/cartesianProduct (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/cartesianProduct (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/createArray (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object; b (Ljava/lang/Class;I)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/toArray (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)[Ljava/lang/Object; b (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Cartesian/arraysAsLists (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; b (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/doDispense (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ILnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)V a (Ladm;Lzx;ILcq;Lcz;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/spawnDispenseParticles (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lck;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/func_82488_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)I a (Lcq;)I
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorDefaultDispenseItem/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/validateKey ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/getObjectById (I)Ljava/lang/Object; a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/register (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespacedDefaultedByKey/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryDefaulted/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getName2 ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/isVertical ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/isHorizontal ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getPlane ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane; d ()Lcq$c;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; values ()[Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/getOffset ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection; values ()[Lcq$b;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/facings ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a ()[Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/random (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Plane; values ()[Lcq$c;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getIndex ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/fromAngle (D)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (D)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFacingFromVector (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (FFF)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFront (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateAround (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Lcq$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFacingFromAxis (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Lcq$b;Lcq$a;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/random (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getHorizontalIndex ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getHorizontal (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b (I)Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getAxisDirection ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$AxisDirection; c ()Lcq$b;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getOpposite ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; d ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateY ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; e ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateYCCW ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; f ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetX ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetY ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getFrontOffsetZ ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getName2 ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getAxis ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing$Axis; k ()Lcq$a;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/getDirectionVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; m ()Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateX ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; n ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/rotateZ ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; p ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumFacing/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; values ()[Lcq;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem$1/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IBehaviorDispenseItem/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/getByValue (I)Ljava/lang/Object; a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/put (Ljava/lang/Object;I)V a (Ljava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/get (Ljava/lang/Object;)I b (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/ObjectIntIdentityMap/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/dispenser/ILocation/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; i ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator/populateMap (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/MapPopulator/createMap (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Ljava/lang/Iterable;Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getObjectById (I)Ljava/lang/Object; a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/register (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (ILjava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getIDForObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)I b (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/getNameForObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; c (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistryNamespaced/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleFromId (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; a (I)Lcy;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getParticleID ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getArgumentCount ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/getShouldIgnoreRange ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/hasArguments ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; values ()[Lcy;
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition/getZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/dispenser/PositionImpl/getZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IRegistry/putObject (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/writeToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getX ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getY ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/getZ ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/util/Rotations/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/getObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/putObject (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/createUnderlyingMap ()Ljava/util/Map; b ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/getKeys ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/RegistrySimple/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSq (DDD)D c (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSqToCenter (DDD)D d (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/crossProduct (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i; d (Ldf;)Ldf;
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)I g (Ldf;)I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/distanceSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)D i (Ldf;)D
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getX ()I n ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getY ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/getZ ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/util/Vec3i/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/getLastTranslationUpdateTimeInMilliseconds ()J a ()J
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToLocal (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToLocalFormatted (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/translateToFallback (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StatCollector/canTranslate (Ljava/lang/String;)Z c (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/util/StringTranslate; a ()Ldj;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/translateKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/translateKeyFormat (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/replaceWith (Ljava/util/Map;)V a (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/isKeyTranslated (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/getLastUpdateTimeInMilliseconds ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/util/StringTranslate/tryTranslateKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/getByteArray ()[B c ()[B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByteArray/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagByte/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readNBT (BLjava/lang/String;Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (BLjava/lang/String;Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/merge (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readType (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)B a (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTag (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setByte (Ljava/lang/String;B)V a (Ljava/lang/String;B)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)V a (Ljava/lang/String;D)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setFloat (Ljava/lang/String;F)V a (Ljava/lang/String;F)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setInteger (Ljava/lang/String;I)V a (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/createCrashReport (Ljava/lang/String;ILjava/lang/ClassCastException;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; a (Ljava/lang/String;ILjava/lang/ClassCastException;)Lb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setLong (Ljava/lang/String;J)V a (Ljava/lang/String;J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setTag (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/writeEntry (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setString (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setShort (Ljava/lang/String;S)V a (Ljava/lang/String;S)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setByteArray (Ljava/lang/String;[B)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[B)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/setIntArray (Ljava/lang/String;[I)V a (Ljava/lang/String;[I)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Ljava/util/Map; b (Ldn;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/readKey (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTagId (Ljava/lang/String;)B b (Ljava/lang/String;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasKey (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getKeySet ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasKey (Ljava/lang/String;)Z c (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getTagList (Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; c (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ldu;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hasNoTags ()Z c_ ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getByte (Ljava/lang/String;)B d (Ljava/lang/String;)B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getShort (Ljava/lang/String;)S e (Ljava/lang/String;)S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getInteger (Ljava/lang/String;)I f (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getLong (Ljava/lang/String;)J g (Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getFloat (Ljava/lang/String;)F h (Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;)D i (Ljava/lang/String;)D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; j (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getByteArray (Ljava/lang/String;)[B k (Ljava/lang/String;)[B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getIntArray (Ljava/lang/String;)[I l (Ljava/lang/String;)[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getCompoundTag (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; m (Ljava/lang/String;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/getBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z n (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/removeTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V o (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagDouble/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagEnd/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagFloat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/getIntArray ()[I c ()[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagIntArray/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagInt/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/removeTag (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (I)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/set (ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V a (ILeb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/appendTag (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V a (Leb;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getCompoundTagAt (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (I)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/tagCount ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getIntArrayAt (I)[I c (I)[I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/hasNoTags ()Z c_ ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getDoubleAt (I)D d (I)D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getFloatAt (I)F e (I)F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getTagType ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/getStringTagAt (I)Ljava/lang/String; f (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/get (I)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; g (I)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagLong/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker$1/read (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker/read (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/write (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ldn;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/safeWrite (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/File;)V a (Ldn;Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/writeCompressed (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V a (Ldn;Ljava/io/OutputStream;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/writeTag (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Leb;Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/func_152455_a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/io/DataInput;Ldw;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/DataInputStream;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/io/DataInputStream;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/read (Ljava/io/File;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/io/File;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/readCompressed (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/io/InputStream;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/CompressedStreamTools/write (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/io/File;)V b (Ldn;Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/readGameProfileFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ldn;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/writeGameProfile (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ldn;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTUtil/func_181123_a (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;Z)Z a (Leb;Leb;Z)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagShort/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getCrashReport ()Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; a ()Lb;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; getCause ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/util/ReportedException/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; a_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/hasNoTags ()Z c_ ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagString/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getLong ()J c ()J
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getInt ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getShort ()S e ()S
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getByte ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getDouble ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase$NBTPrimitive/getFloat ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/getId ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/createNewByType (B)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (B)Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/read (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTSizeTracker;)V a (Ljava/io/DataInput;ILdw;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/write (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V a (Ljava/io/DataOutput;)V
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/getString ()Ljava/lang/String; a_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; b ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/hasNoTags ()Z c_ ()Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Compound/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$List/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Primitive/parse ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a ()Leb;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/getTagFromJson (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150312_a (Ljava/lang/String;C)I a (Ljava/lang/String;C)I
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179269_a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150316_a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179270_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179272_a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT$Any; a ([Ljava/lang/String;)Led$a;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150310_b (Ljava/lang/String;)I b (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_179271_b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150314_a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150313_b (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/nbt/JsonToNBT/func_150311_c (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; d (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/func_150502_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)[B a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)[B
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/cipher (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptionTranslator/decipher (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyEncryptingEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/setCompressionTreshold (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionDecoder/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/setCompressionTreshold (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NettyCompressionEncoder/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$1/load ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$1/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$2/load ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$2/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$3/load ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$3/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$4/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$5/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$6/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; a (Lek$a;)Lff;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager$InboundHandlerTuplePacketListener;)[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener; b (Lek$a;)[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/processReceivedPackets ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setCompressionTreshold (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lio/netty/channel/Channel; a (Lek;)Lio/netty/channel/Channel;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setConnectionState (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState;)V a (Lel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/setNetHandler (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/closeChannel (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V a (Lff;Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/dispatchPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V a (Lff;[Lio/netty/util/concurrent/GenericFutureListener;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/createNetworkManagerAndConnect (Ljava/net/InetAddress;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Ljava/net/InetAddress;IZ)Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/provideLocalClient (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/enableEncryption (Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)V a (Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getRemoteAddress ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress; b ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isLocalChannel ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelActive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelInactive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V channelInactive (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead0 (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V exceptionCaught (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Throwable;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getIsencrypted ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/isChannelOpen ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/hasNoChannel ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getNetHandler ()Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler; i ()Lep;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/getExitMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; j ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/disableAutoRead ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/checkDisconnected ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkManager/flushOutboundQueue ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getById (I)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; a (I)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getFromPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; a (Lff;)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;I)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; a (Lfg;I)Lff;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/getPacketId (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)Ljava/lang/Integer; a (Lfg;Lff;)Ljava/lang/Integer;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/registerPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; a (Lfg;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lel;
net/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; values ()[Lel;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readByteArray ()[B a ()[B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getVarIntSize (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeNBTTagCompoundToBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeChatComponent (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readEnumValue (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Enum; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Enum;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeEnumValue (Ljava/lang/Enum;)V a (Ljava/lang/Enum;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lem;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)V a (Ljava/util/UUID;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeItemStackToBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeByteArray ([B)V a ([B)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/alloc ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufAllocator; alloc ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufAllocator;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/array ()[B array ()[B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/arrayOffset ()I arrayOffset ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeVarIntToBuffer (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeVarLong (J)V b (J)V
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (B)I bytesBefore (B)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (IB)I bytesBefore (IB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/bytesBefore (IIB)I bytesBefore (IIB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readStringFromBuffer (I)Ljava/lang/String; c (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/capacity ()I capacity ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/capacity (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; capacity (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/clear ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; clear ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/compareTo (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)I compareTo (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/copy ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; copy ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/copy (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; copy (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/discardReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; discardReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/discardSomeReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; discardSomeReadBytes ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/duplicate ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; duplicate ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readVarIntFromBuffer ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/ensureWritable (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; ensureWritable (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/ensureWritable (IZ)I ensureWritable (IZ)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readVarLong ()J f ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByte (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByte (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByte (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByte (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByteDesc (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByteDesc (IILio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/forEachByteDesc (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I forEachByteDesc (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBufProcessor;)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUuid ()Ljava/util/UUID; g ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBoolean (I)Z getBoolean (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getByte (I)B getByte (I)B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILjava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I getBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; getBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getChar (I)C getChar (I)C
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getDouble (I)D getDouble (I)D
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getFloat (I)F getFloat (I)F
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getInt (I)I getInt (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getLong (I)J getLong (I)J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getMedium (I)I getMedium (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getShort (I)S getShort (I)S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedByte (I)S getUnsignedByte (I)S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedInt (I)J getUnsignedInt (I)J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedMedium (I)I getUnsignedMedium (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/getUnsignedShort (I)I getUnsignedShort (I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readNBTTagCompoundFromBuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; h ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hasArray ()Z hasArray ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hasMemoryAddress ()Z hasMemoryAddress ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readItemStackFromBuffer ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; i ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/indexOf (IIB)I indexOf (IIB)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/internalNioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; internalNioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isDirect ()Z isDirect ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isReadable ()Z isReadable ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isReadable (I)Z isReadable (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isWritable ()Z isWritable ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/isWritable (I)Z isWritable (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/markReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; markReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/markWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; markWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/maxCapacity ()I maxCapacity ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/maxWritableBytes ()I maxWritableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/memoryAddress ()J memoryAddress ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffer (II)Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBufferCount ()I nioBufferCount ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffers ()[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffers ()[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/nioBuffers (II)[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; nioBuffers (II)[Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/order ()Ljava/nio/ByteOrder; order ()Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/order (Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; order (Ljava/nio/ByteOrder;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBoolean ()Z readBoolean ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readByte ()B readByte ()B
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Ljava/io/OutputStream;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I readBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/GatheringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readChar ()C readChar ()C
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readDouble ()D readDouble ()D
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readFloat ()F readFloat ()F
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readInt ()I readInt ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readLong ()J readLong ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readMedium ()I readMedium ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readShort ()S readShort ()S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readSlice (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readSlice (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedByte ()S readUnsignedByte ()S
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedInt ()J readUnsignedInt ()J
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedMedium ()I readUnsignedMedium ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readUnsignedShort ()I readUnsignedShort ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readableBytes ()I readableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readerIndex ()I readerIndex ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/readerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; readerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/refCnt ()I refCnt ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/release ()Z release ()Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/release (I)Z release (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/resetReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; resetReaderIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/resetWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; resetWriterIndex ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; retain ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain ()Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted; retain ()Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; retain (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/retain (I)Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted; retain (I)Lio/netty/util/ReferenceCounted;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBoolean (IZ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBoolean (IZ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setByte (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setByte (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/io/InputStream;I)I setBytes (ILjava/io/InputStream;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (ILjava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I setBytes (ILjava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (I[B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setBytes (I[BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setChar (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setChar (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setDouble (ID)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setDouble (ID)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setFloat (IF)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setFloat (IF)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setIndex (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setIndex (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setInt (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setInt (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setLong (IJ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setLong (IJ)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setMedium (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setMedium (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setShort (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setShort (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/setZero (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; setZero (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/skipBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; skipBytes (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/slice ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; slice ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/slice (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; slice (II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString (IILjava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String; toString (IILjava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/toString (Ljava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String; toString (Ljava/nio/charset/Charset;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/unwrap ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; unwrap ()Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writableBytes ()I writableBytes ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBoolean (Z)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBoolean (Z)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeByte (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeByte (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;II)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/io/InputStream;I)I writeBytes (Ljava/io/InputStream;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes (Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I writeBytes (Ljava/nio/channels/ScatteringByteChannel;I)I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes ([B)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeBytes ([BII)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeChar (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeChar (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeDouble (D)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeDouble (D)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeFloat (F)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeFloat (F)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeInt (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeInt (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeLong (J)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeLong (J)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeMedium (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeMedium (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeShort (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeShort (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writeZero (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writeZero (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writerIndex ()I writerIndex ()I
net/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer/writerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; writerIndex (I)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lff;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/INetHandler/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageDeserializer2/decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V decode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/MessageSerializer2/encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V encode (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Ljava/util/Iterator; a (Leu;)Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getSiblings ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/appendSibling (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/createDeepCopyIterator (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Iterator; a (Ljava/lang/Iterable;)Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/appendText (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getChatStyle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; b ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getUnformattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/getFormattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentStyle/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/shouldAllowInChat ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/getValueByCanonicalName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/getCanonicalName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; values ()[Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent$Action; a ()Let$a;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/event/ClickEvent/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/componentToJson (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Leu;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Leu;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serializeChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)V a (Lez;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)V
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/jsonToComponent (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getSiblings ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/appendSibling (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Leu;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/appendText (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getChatStyle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; b ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getUnformattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getFormattedText ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IChatComponent/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentProcessor/processComponent (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lm;Leu;Lpk;)Leu;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/shouldAllowInChat ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/getValueByCanonicalName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/getCanonicalName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; values ()[Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent$Action; a ()Lew$a;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/getValue ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/event/HoverEvent/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/getObjective ()Ljava/lang/String; h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore; i ()Lex;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentScore/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/getSelector ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector; h ()Ley;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentSelector/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getColor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; a ()La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (La;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setChatClickEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Let;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setChatHoverEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lew;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setParentStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lez;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setBold (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getBold ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setItalic (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; b (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getItalic ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setStrikethrough (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; c (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getStrikethrough ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setUnderlined (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; d (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getUnderlined ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/setObfuscated (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; e (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getObfuscated ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getChatClickEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; h ()Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getChatHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; i ()Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getInsertion ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/getFormattingCode ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/createShallowCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; m ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/createDeepCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; n ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$1/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getColor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; a ()La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (La;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setChatClickEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Let;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setChatHoverEvent (Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lew;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setParentStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Lez;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$502 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; a (Lez;La;)La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$702 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; a (Lez;Let;)Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$802 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; a (Lez;Lew;)Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$602 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lez;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setBold (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setInsertion (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getBold ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; b (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; b (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setItalic (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; b (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getItalic ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; c (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; c (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setStrikethrough (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; c (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getStrikethrough ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; d (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$302 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; d (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setUnderlined (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; d (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getUnderlined ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; e (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$402 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; e (Lez;Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/setObfuscated (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; e (Ljava/lang/Boolean;)Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getObfuscated ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; f (Lez;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/isEmpty ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumChatFormatting; g (Lez;)La;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getChatClickEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; h ()Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Ljava/lang/String; h (Lez;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getChatHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; i ()Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$700 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/event/ClickEvent; i (Lez;)Let;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getInsertion ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/access$800 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; j (Lez;)Lew;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getFormattingCode ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/createShallowCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; m ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/createDeepCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; n ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/getParent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle; o ()Lez;
net/minecraft/util/ChatStyle/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/isAllowedCharacter (C)Z a (C)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatAllowedCharacters/filterAllowedCharacters (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/getChatComponentText_TextValue ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText; h ()Lfa;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentText/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getFormatArgumentAsComponent (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (I)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/setChatStyle (Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatStyle;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lez;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/initializeFromFormat (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getUnformattedTextForChat ()Ljava/lang/String; e ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/ensureInitialized ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/createCopy ()Lnet/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation; h ()Lfb;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getKey ()Ljava/lang/String; i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/getFormatArgs ()[Ljava/lang/Object; j ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ChatComponentTranslation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/Packet/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/Packet/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/Packet/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumPacketDirection; values ()[Lfg;
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/PacketThreadUtil/checkThreadAndEnqueue (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;Lnet/minecraft/util/IThreadListener;)V a (Lff;Lep;Lod;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180055_a ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180053_a (I)Ljava/util/Set; a (I)Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180056_a (Ljava/util/Set;)I a (Ljava/util/Set;)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/func_180054_b (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook$EnumFlags; values ()[Lfi$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getYaw ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/getPitch ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook/func_179834_f ()Ljava/util/Set; f ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerPosLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S08PacketPlayerPosLook;)V a (Lfi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnObject (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject;)V a (Lfk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnExperienceOrb (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb;)V a (Lfl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnGlobalEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity;)V a (Lfm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnMob (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob;)V a (Lfn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPainting (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting;)V a (Lfo;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer;)V a (Lfp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation;)V a (Lfq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleStatistics (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics;)V a (Lfr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockBreakAnim (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim;)V a (Lfs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity;)V a (Lft;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction;)V a (Lfu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange;)V a (Lfv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleServerDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty;)V a (Lfw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete;)V a (Lfx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChat (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat;)V a (Lfy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMultiBlockChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)V a (Lfz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction;)V a (Lga;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow;)V a (Lgb;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleOpenWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow;)V a (Lgc;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowItems (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems;)V a (Lgd;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWindowProperty (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty;)V a (Lge;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetSlot (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot;)V a (Lgf;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCustomPayload (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload;)V a (Lgg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect;)V a (Lgh;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus;)V a (Lgi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT;)V a (Lgj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion;)V a (Lgk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetCompressionLevel (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel;)V a (Lgl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChangeGameState (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState;)V a (Lgm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive;)V a (Lgn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData;)V a (Lgo;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMapChunkBulk (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk;)V a (Lgp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect;)V a (Lgq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleParticles (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles;)V a (Lgr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSoundEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect;)V a (Lgs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleJoinGame (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame;)V a (Lgt;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleMaps (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps;)V a (Lgu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMovement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity;)V a (Lgv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSignEditorOpen (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen;)V a (Lgw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities;)V a (Lgx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCombatEvent (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent;)V a (Lgy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem;)V a (Lgz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUseBed (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed;)V a (Lha;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDestroyEntities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities;)V a (Lhb;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleRemoveEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect;)V a (Lhc;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleResourcePack (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend;)V a (Lhd;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleRespawn (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn;)V a (Lhe;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityHeadLook (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook;)V a (Lhf;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleWorldBorder (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder;)V a (Lhg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCamera (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera;)V a (Lhh;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange;)V a (Lhi;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleDisplayScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard;)V a (Lhj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityMetadata (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata;)V a (Lhk;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityAttach (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach;)V a (Lhl;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityVelocity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity;)V a (Lhm;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEquipment (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment;)V a (Lhn;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSetExperience (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience;)V a (Lho;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateHealth (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth;)V a (Lhp;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleScoreboardObjective (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective;)V a (Lhq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTeams (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams;)V a (Lhr;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateScore (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore;)V a (Lhs;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition;)V a (Lht;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTimeUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate;)V a (Lhu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleTitle (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle;)V a (Lhv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign;)V a (Lhw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handlePlayerListHeaderFooter (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter;)V a (Lhx;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleCollectItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem;)V a (Lhy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityTeleport (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport;)V a (Lhz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityProperties (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties;)V a (Lia;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient/handleEntityEffect (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect;)V a (Lib;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setX (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setY (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getY ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setZ (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getZ ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedX (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedX ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedY (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedY ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/setSpeedZ (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getSpeedZ ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/func_149002_g (I)V g (I)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getPitch ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getYaw ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/getType ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0EPacketSpawnObject/func_149009_m ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getY ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getZ ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S11PacketSpawnExperienceOrb/getXPValue ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149052_c ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149051_d ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149050_e ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149049_f ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2CPacketSpawnGlobalEntity/func_149053_g ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/func_149027_c ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getEntityID ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getEntityType ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getY ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getZ ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityX ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityY ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getVelocityZ ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getYaw ()B j ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getPitch ()B k ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0FPacketSpawnMob/getHeadPitch ()B l ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; c ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S10PacketSpawnPainting/getTitle ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/func_148944_c ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getEntityID ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getPlayer ()Ljava/util/UUID; c ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getX ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getY ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getZ ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getYaw ()B g ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getPitch ()B h ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0CPacketSpawnPlayer/getCurrentItemID ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/getEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/getAnimationType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0BPacketAnimation/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/func_148974_c ()Ljava/util/Map; a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S37PacketStatistics/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getBreakerId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S25PacketBlockBreakAnim/getProgress ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getTileEntityType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S35PacketUpdateTileEntity/getNbtCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; c ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getBlockPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getData1 ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getData2 ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S24PacketBlockAction/getBlockType ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; d ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; a ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/getBlockPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S23PacketBlockChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/isDifficultyLocked ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; b ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S41PacketServerDifficulty/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/func_149630_c ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3APacketTabComplete/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/isChat ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S02PacketChat/getType ()B c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/func_180089_b ()S b ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData/getBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; c ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/getChangedBlocks ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange$BlockUpdateData; a ()[Lfz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; a (Lfz;)Ladg;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S22PacketMultiBlockChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS; values ()[Lg$a;
net/minecraft/util/Util/getOSType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Util$EnumOS; a ()Lg$a;
net/minecraft/util/Util/runTask (Ljava/util/concurrent/FutureTask;Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/util/concurrent/FutureTask;Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/getActionNumber ()S b ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S32PacketConfirmTransaction/func_148888_e ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2EPacketCloseWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getGuiId ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getWindowTitle ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; c ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getSlotCount ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/getEntityId ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2DPacketOpenWindow/hasSlots ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/func_148911_c ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/getItemStacks ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S30PacketWindowItems/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getVarIndex ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S31PacketWindowProperty/getVarValue ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149175_c ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149173_d ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2FPacketSetSlot/func_149174_e ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/getChannelName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/getBufferData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; b ()Lem;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3FPacketCustomPayload/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/getReason ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S40PacketDisconnect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/getOpCode ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S49PacketUpdateEntityNBT/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149149_c ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149144_d ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/func_149147_e ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getX ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getY ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getZ ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getStrength ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S27PacketExplosion/getAffectedBlockPositions ()Ljava/util/List; h ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/getThreshold ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S46PacketSetCompressionLevel/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/getGameState ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/func_149137_d ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2BPacketChangeGameState/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/func_149134_c ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S00PacketKeepAlive/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedDataBytes ()[B a ()[B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_180737_a (IZZ)I a (IZZ)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;ZZI)Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData$Extracted; a (Lamy;ZZI)Lgo$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_179757_a ([B[BI)I a ([B[BI)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getChunkX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getChunkZ ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/getExtractedSize ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S21PacketChunkData/func_149274_i ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkCount ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkX (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkZ (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkBytes (I)[B c (I)[B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S26PacketMapChunkBulk/getChunkSize (I)I d (I)I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/isSoundServerwide ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundType ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundData ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S28PacketEffect/getSoundPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; a ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/isLongDistance ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getXCoordinate ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getYCoordinate ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getZCoordinate ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getXOffset ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getYOffset ()F g ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getZOffset ()F h ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleSpeed ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleCount ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S2APacketParticles/getParticleArgs ()[I k ()[I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getSoundName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getX ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getY ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getZ ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getVolume ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S29PacketSoundEffect/getPitch ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getEntityId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/isHardcoreMode ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; c ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getDimension ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; e ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getMaxPlayers ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; g ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S01PacketJoinGame/isReducedDebugInfo ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/getMapId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/setMapdataTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/MapData;)V a (Latg;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S34PacketMaps/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S15PacketEntityRelMove/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S17PacketEntityLookMove/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity$S16PacketEntityLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149062_c ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149061_d ()B b ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149064_e ()B c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149066_f ()B d ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149063_g ()B e ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/func_149060_h ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/getOnGround ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S14PacketEntity/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/getSignPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S36PacketSignEditorOpen/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isInvulnerable ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlySpeed (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setInvulnerable (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isFlying ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setWalkSpeed (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlying (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isAllowFlying ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setAllowFlying (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/isCreativeMode ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/setCreativeMode (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/getFlySpeed ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S39PacketPlayerAbilities/getWalkSpeed ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent$Event; values ()[Lgy$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S42PacketCombatEvent/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action; values ()[Lgz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getPing ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getGameMode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; c ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$AddPlayerData/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/getEntries ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem$Action; b ()Lgz$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S38PacketPlayerListItem/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/getBedPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/getPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; a (Ladm;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0APacketUseBed/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/getEntityIDs ()[I a ()[I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S13PacketDestroyEntities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/getEntityId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/getEffectId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1EPacketRemoveEntityEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/getURL ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/getHash ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S48PacketResourcePackSend/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getDimensionID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; b ()Loj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; c ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S07PacketRespawn/getWorldType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldType; d ()Ladr;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/getYaw ()B a ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S19PacketEntityHeadLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder$Action; values ()[Lhg$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/func_179788_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;)V a (Lams;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S44PacketWorldBorder/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S43PacketCamera/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/getHeldItemHotbarIndex ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S09PacketHeldItemChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/func_149371_c ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/func_149370_d ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3DPacketDisplayScoreboard/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/func_149376_c ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/getEntityId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1CPacketEntityMetadata/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getLeash ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getEntityId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1BPacketEntityAttach/getVehicleEntityId ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionY ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S12PacketEntityVelocity/getMotionZ ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getEntityID ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S04PacketEntityEquipment/getEquipmentSlot ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/func_149397_c ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/getTotalExperience ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1FPacketSetExperience/getLevel ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getHealth ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getFoodLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S06PacketUpdateHealth/getSaturationLevel ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149339_c ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149337_d ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_149338_e ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3BPacketScoreboardObjective/func_179817_d ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria$EnumRenderType; d ()Lauu$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getPrefix ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getSuffix ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getPlayers ()Ljava/util/Collection; e ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getAction ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getFriendlyFlags ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getColor ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3EPacketTeams/getNameTagVisibility ()Ljava/lang/String; i ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action; values ()[Lhs$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getPlayerName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getObjectiveName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getScoreValue ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore/getScoreAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S3CPacketUpdateScore$Action; d ()Lhs$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/getSpawnPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S05PacketSpawnPosition/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/getTotalWorldTime ()J a ()J
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/getWorldTime ()J b ()J
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S03PacketTimeUpdate/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/getNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/byName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; values ()[Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getType ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle$Type; a ()Lhv$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getFadeInTime ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getDisplayTime ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S45PacketTitle/getFadeOutTime ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/getPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/getLines ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()[Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S33PacketUpdateSign/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/getHeader ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/getFooter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S47PacketPlayerListHeaderFooter/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/getCollectedItemEntityID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/getEntityID ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S0DPacketCollectItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getEntityId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getX ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getY ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getZ ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getYaw ()B e ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getPitch ()B f ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S18PacketEntityTeleport/getOnGround ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179628_a ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179629_b ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg/func_179630_c ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseCoordinate (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg; a (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)Li$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseCoordinate (DLjava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandBase$CoordinateArg; a (DLjava/lang/String;Z)Li$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/setAdminCommander (Lnet/minecraft/command/IAdminCommand;)V a (Lh;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D a (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D a (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I a (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseLong (Ljava/lang/String;JJ)J a (Ljava/lang/String;JJ)J
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/doesStringStartWith (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/joinNiceStringFromCollection (Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/join (Ljava/util/List;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Ljava/util/List;)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;)I a (Lk;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Lm;Lk;ILjava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/notifyOperators (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Lm;Lk;Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getChatComponentFromNthArg (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;I)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseBlockPos (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/joinNiceString ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a ([Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/buildString ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String; a ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_175771_a ([Ljava/lang/String;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a ([Ljava/lang/String;ILcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getListOfStringsMatchingLastWord ([Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/util/List; a ([Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Collection;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getListOfStringsMatchingLastWord ([Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; a ([Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)D b (DLjava/lang/String;IIZ)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (DLjava/lang/String;Z)D b (DLjava/lang/String;Z)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseLong (Ljava/lang/String;)J b (Ljava/lang/String;)J
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getCommandSenderAsPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; b (Lm;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getChatComponentFromNthArg (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;IZ)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_181043_b ([Ljava/lang/String;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; b ([Ljava/lang/String;ILcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseDouble (Ljava/lang/String;)D c (Ljava/lang/String;)D
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/func_175763_c (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; c (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/parseBoolean (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getPlayerName (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; d (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getEntityName (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; e (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getItemByText (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; f (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBase/getBlockByText (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; g (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Lafh;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151409_a ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151410_b ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties$Snapshot/func_151408_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/getEntityId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/func_149441_d ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S20PacketEntityProperties/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/func_149429_c ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayClient;)V a (Lfj;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getEntityId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getEffectId ()B c ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getAmplifier ()B d ()B
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/getDuration ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/server/S1DPacketEntityEffect/func_179707_f ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete;)V a (Lid;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage;)V a (Lie;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClientStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus;)V a (Lig;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction;)V a (Lii;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem;)V a (Lij;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processClickWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow;)V a (Lik;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow;)V a (Lil;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processVanilla250Packet (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload;)V a (Lim;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processUseEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity;)V a (Lin;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive;)V a (Lio;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)V a (Lip;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities;)V a (Liq;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerDigging (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging;)V a (Lir;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processEntityAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction;)V a (Lis;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processInput (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput;)V a (Lit;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleResourcePackStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus;)V a (Liu;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange;)V a (Liv;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processCreativeInventoryAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction;)V a (Liw;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign;)V a (Lix;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation;)V a (Liy;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/handleSpectate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate;)V a (Liz;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerBlockPlacement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement;)V a (Lja;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/getTargetBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState; values ()[Lig$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus$EnumState; a ()Lig$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getLang ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getChatVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; c ()Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/isColorsEnabled ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings/getModelPartFlags ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/getUid ()S b ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/getButton ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getWindowId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getSlotId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getUsedButton ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getActionNumber ()S d ()S
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getClickedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; e ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow/getMode ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/getChannelName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/getBufferData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer; b ()Lem;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action; values ()[Lin$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity$Action; a ()Lin$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getEntityFromWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/getHitVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b ()Laui;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/getKey ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C04PacketPlayerPosition/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C06PacketPlayerPosLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer$C05PacketPlayerLook/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionX ()D a ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/setMoving (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionY ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPositionZ ()D c ()D
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getYaw ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getPitch ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/isOnGround ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/isMoving ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer/getRotating ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isInvulnerable ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlySpeed (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setInvulnerable (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isFlying ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setWalkSpeed (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setFlying (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isAllowFlying ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setAllowFlying (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/isCreativeMode ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities/setCreativeMode (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action; values ()[Lir$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; b ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging/getStatus ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging$Action; c ()Lir$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action; values ()[Lis$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/getAction ()Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction$Action; b ()Lis$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction/getAuxData ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/getStrafeSpeed ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/getForwardSpeed ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/isJumping ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput/isSneaking ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus$Action; values ()[Liu$a;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/getSlotId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/getSlotId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/getLines ()[Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()[Leu;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/getEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Lle;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/registerCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;)Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand; a (Lk;)Lk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getUsernameIndex (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;[Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Lk;[Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/getTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/tryExecute (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommand;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lk;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandHandler/dropFirstString ([Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; a ([Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/INetHandlerPlayServer;)V a (Lic;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockDirection ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; c ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetX ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetY ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement/getPlacedBlockOffsetZ ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/getRequestedState ()Lnet/minecraft/network/EnumConnectionState; a ()Lel;
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer;)V a (Ljd;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/getProtocolVersion ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/handshake/INetHandlerHandshakeServer/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleLoginSuccess (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess;)V a (Ljg;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleEncryptionRequest (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest;)V a (Ljh;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleEnableCompression (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression;)V a (Lji;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient/handleDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect;)V a (Ljj;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S02PacketLoginSuccess/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getServerId ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getPublicKey ()Ljava/security/PublicKey; b ()Ljava/security/PublicKey;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S01PacketEncryptionRequest/getVerifyToken ()[B c ()[B
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/getCompressionTreshold ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S03PacketEnableCompression/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/func_149603_c ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginClient;)V a (Ljf;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/server/S00PacketDisconnect/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer/processLoginStart (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart;)V a (Ljl;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer/processEncryptionResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse;)V a (Ljm;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/getProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer;)V a (Ljk;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/getSecretKey (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; a (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/INetHandlerLoginServer;)V a (Ljk;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse/getVerifyToken (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)[B b (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;)[B
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient;)V a (Ljp;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/getResponse ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; a ()Ljs;
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusClient;)V a (Ljp;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs$a;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getMaxPlayers ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/setPlayers ([Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V a ([Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getOnlinePlayerCount ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData/getPlayers ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; c ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljs$c;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Ljs$c;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier/getProtocol ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getServerDescription ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; a ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setServerDescription (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setFavicon (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setPlayerCountData (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData;)V a (Ljs$a;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/setProtocolVersionInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier;)V a (Ljs$c;)V
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getPlayerCountData ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$PlayerCountData; b ()Ljs$a;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getProtocolVersionInfo ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse$MinecraftProtocolVersionIdentifier; c ()Ljs$c;
net/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse/getFavicon ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer/processPing (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing;)V a (Lju;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer/processServerQuery (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery;)V a (Ljv;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/getClientTime ()J a ()J
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer;)V a (Ljt;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/readPacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/INetHandler;)V a (Lep;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/processPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/INetHandlerStatusServer;)V a (Ljt;)V
net/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery/writePacketData (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V b (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/getResourcePath ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/splitObjectName (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/getResourceDomain ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandAliases ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommand/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/func_82498_a ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/func_82500_b ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/dispenser/BehaviorProjectileDispense/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$1/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$10/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/func_82498_a ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$11/func_82500_b ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/func_82498_a ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12$1/func_82500_b ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$12/dispense (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$13/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$14/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$14/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$15/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$15/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$16/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$2/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$3/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$4/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$5/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$6/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$7/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/playDispenseSound (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;)V a (Lck;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$8/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap$9/getProjectileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IPosition;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IProjectile; a (Ladm;Lcz;)Lwv;
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/isRegistered ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/printToSYSOUT (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/registerDispenserBehaviors ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/register ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/init/Bootstrap/redirectOutputToLog ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/func_151373_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lkc$a;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/func_151372_b ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lkc$a;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151379_a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)Lnet/minecraft/client/util/JsonException; a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)Lkc;
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151380_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/func_151381_b (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/client/util/JsonException/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/hasAcceptedEULA ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/loadEULAFile (Ljava/io/File;)Z a (Ljava/io/File;)Z
net/minecraft/server/ServerEula/createEULAFile ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/logString (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/println (Ljava/lang/Object;)V println (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/LoggingPrintStream/println (Ljava/lang/String;)V println (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/ThreadQuickExitException/fillInStackTrace ()Ljava/lang/Throwable; fillInStackTrace ()Ljava/lang/Throwable;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; E ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getPort ()I F ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; G ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMinecraftVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; H ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I I ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getMaxPlayers ()I J ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; K ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/isDebuggingEnabled ()Z M ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getFolderName ()Ljava/lang/String; U ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/saveProperties ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/handleRConCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a_ (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getSettingsFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/getPlugins ()Ljava/lang/String; d_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V g (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/IServer/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V h (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/setObjectiveInDisplaySlot (ILnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (ILauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onScoreObjectiveAdded (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/broadcastTeamCreated (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V a (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96536_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Score;)V a (Laum;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96547_a (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreboardSaveData;)V a (Laup;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96516_a (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_178820_a (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/removePlayerFromTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/addPlayerToTeam (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/markSaveDataDirty ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onObjectiveDisplayNameChanged (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V b (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/sendTeamUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V b (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/onScoreObjectiveRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V c (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96513_c (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScorePlayerTeam;)V c (Laul;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96550_d (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/List; d (Lauk;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96549_e (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V e (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96548_f (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)Ljava/util/List; f (Lauk;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/sendDisplaySlotRemovalPackets (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)V g (Lauk;)V
net/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard/func_96552_h (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ScoreObjective;)I h (Lauk;)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/generateNewProperties ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getLongProperty (Ljava/lang/String;J)J a (Ljava/lang/String;J)J
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getBooleanProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/saveProperties ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager/getPropertiesFile ()Ljava/io/File; c ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/util/ITickable/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadOpsList ()V A ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveOpsList ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/readWhiteList ()V C ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveWhiteList ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadWhiteList ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/addOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/setWhiteListEnabled (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer; b ()Lko;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/removeOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; c ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/removePlayerFromWhitelist (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V c (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/addWhitelistedPlayer (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V d (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/canJoin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z e (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z f (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveIpBanList ()V w ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/saveUserBanList ()V x ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadIpBanList ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList/loadUserBansList ()V z ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/updateTimeLightAndEntities ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getAllowNether ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/allowSpawnMonsters ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/saveProperties ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isBlockProtected (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getIntProperty (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getStringProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addPendingCommand (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lm;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getBooleanProperty (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isAnnouncingPlayerAchievements ()Z aB ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getMaxWorldSize ()I aI ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getNetworkCompressionTreshold ()I aK ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/executePendingCommands ()V aO ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedPlayerList; aP ()Lkn;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setGuiEnabled ()V aQ ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/convertFiles ()Z aR ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getMaxTickTime ()J aS ()J
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; aT ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/sleepFiveSeconds ()V aU ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/handleRConCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a_ (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z ai ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z al ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; ap ()Llx;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getGuiEnabled ()Z as ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getSpawnProtectionSize ()I aw ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getSettingsFilename ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/setPlayerIdleTimeout (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getPlugins ()Ljava/lang/String; d_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/startServer ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; m ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; n ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/isHardcore ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer/systemExitNow ()V z ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/scheduleHalt ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/dedicated/ServerHangWatchdog/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$1/windowClosing (Ljava/awt/event/WindowEvent;)V windowClosing (Ljava/awt/event/WindowEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$2/actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$3/focusGained (Ljava/awt/event/FocusEvent;)V focusGained (Ljava/awt/event/FocusEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$4/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui$5/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getStatsComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; a ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/func_164247_a (Ljavax/swing/JTextArea;Ljavax/swing/JScrollPane;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljavax/swing/JTextArea;Ljavax/swing/JScrollPane;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/createServerGui (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer;)V a (Lko;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui;)Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer; a (Lkr;)Lko;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getPlayerListComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; b ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/MinecraftServerGui/getLogComponent ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent; c ()Ljavax/swing/JComponent;
net/minecraft/server/gui/PlayerListComponent/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent$1/actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V actionPerformed (Ljava/awt/event/ActionEvent;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/func_120034_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent;)V a (Lkt;)V
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/func_120035_a ([J)D a ([J)D
net/minecraft/server/gui/StatsComponent/paint (Ljava/awt/Graphics;)V paint (Ljava/awt/Graphics;)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/setPartialBlockDamage (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/setCloudUpdateTick (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getPartialBlockDamage ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/client/renderer/DestroyBlockProgress/getCreationCloudUpdateTick ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/updateBlockRemoving ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/blockRemoving (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/tryUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/activateBlockOrUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/tryHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/demo/DemoWorldManager/sendDemoReminder ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti$1/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/saveLevel ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServerMulti/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getCommands ()Ljava/util/Map; a ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getPossibleCommands (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/executeCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/command/ICommandManager/getTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/updateTrackedEntities ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_180245_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_85172_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (Llf;Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/trackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;II)V a (Lpk;II)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/addEntityToTracker (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IIZ)V a (Lpk;IIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/sendToAllTrackingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lpk;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/removePlayerFromTrackers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/untrackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker/func_151248_b (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V b (Lpk;Lff;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/markBlockRangeForRenderUpdate (IIIIII)V a (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/broadcastSound (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/spawnParticle (IZDDDDDD[I)V a (IZDDDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playRecord (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playAuxSFX (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lwn;ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/playSoundToNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V a (Lwn;Ljava/lang/String;DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/sendBlockBreakProgress (ILnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V b (ILcj;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/notifyLightSet (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldManager/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/processChunk ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/flagChunkForUpdate (III)V a (III)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/sendTileToAllPlayersWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/increaseInhabitedTime (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/sendToAllPlayersWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance;)Lnet/minecraft/world/ChunkCoordIntPair; a (Llc$a;)Ladg;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/addPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/onUpdate ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance;)Ljava/util/List; b (Llc$a;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance/removePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getWorldServer ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; a ()Lle;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/setPlayerViewRadius (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/hasPlayerInstance (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/overlaps (IIIII)Z a (IIIII)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getPlayerInstance (IIZ)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager$PlayerInstance; a (IIZ)Llc$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/markBlockForUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; a (Llc;)Lle;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/addPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/isPlayerWatchingChunk (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;II)Z a (Llf;II)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/updatePlayerInstances ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/getFurthestViewableBlock (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap; b (Llc;)Lnq;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/filterChunkLoadQueue (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; c ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Ljava/util/List; c (Llc;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/removePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V c (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager;)Ljava/util/List; d (Llc;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager/updateMountedMovingPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V d (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/func_152380_a ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/chunkExists (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getStrongholdGen (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/populate (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;II)V a (Lamv;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/populateChunk (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider;Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)Z a (Lamv;Lamy;II)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunkExtraData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V a (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/recreateStructures (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;II)V a (Lamy;II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/provideChunk (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; a (Lcj;)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getPossibleCreatures (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z a (ZLnu;)Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/unloadAllChunks ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/dropChunk (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveChunkData (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;)V b (Lamy;)V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/saveExtraData ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; c (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/unloadQueuedChunks ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/provideChunk (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; d (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/canSave ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/loadChunkFromFile (II)Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk; e (II)Lamy;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/makeString ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/gen/ChunkProviderServer/getLoadedChunkCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveLevel ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getTileEntitiesIn (IIIIII)Ljava/util/List; a (IIIIII)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/fireBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockEventData;)Z a (Lade;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/initialize (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V a (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getPendingBlockUpdates (Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/Chunk;Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Lamy;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/func_175712_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/gen/structure/StructureBoundingBox;Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Laqe;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/adjustPosToNearbyEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isBlockTickPending (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lcj;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/scheduleUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;I)V a (Lcj;Lafh;I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateBlockTick (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V a (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;DDDIDDDD[I)V a (Lcy;DDDIDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/spawnParticle (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;ZDDDIDDDD[I)V a (Lcy;ZDDDIDDDD[I)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getEntityFromUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/onEntityAdded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setEntityState (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;B)V a (Lpk;B)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/newExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;DDDFZZ)Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion; a (Lpk;DDDFZZ)Ladi;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntityWithOptionalForce (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canCreatureTypeSpawnHere (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lpt;Lady$c;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getSpawnListEntryForTypeAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/world/biome/BiomeGenBase$SpawnListEntry; a (Lpt;Lcj;)Lady$c;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isBlockModifiable (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lwn;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/tickUpdates (Z)Z a (Z)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveAllChunks (ZLnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)V a (ZLnu;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/resetRainAndThunder ()V ag ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canSpawnNPCs ()Z ah ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/canSpawnAnimals ()Z ai ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setDebugWorldSettings ()V aj ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/sendQueuedBlockEvents ()V ak ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/init ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; b ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createSpawnPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings;)V b (Ladp;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/scheduleBlockUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V b (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/onEntityRemoved (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/tick ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addBlockEvent (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;II)V c (Lcj;Lafh;II)V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/addWeatherEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z c (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateAllPlayersSleepingFlag ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/wakeAllPlayers ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/areAllPlayersAsleep ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/setInitialSpawnLocation ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateBlocks ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateEntities ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/resetUpdateEntityTick ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createChunkProvider ()Lnet/minecraft/world/chunk/IChunkProvider; k ()Lamv;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/createBonusChest ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getSpawnCoordinate ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; m ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/saveChunkData ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/flush ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/updateWeather ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getRenderDistanceChunks ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getMinecraftServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; r ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getEntityTracker ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityTracker; s ()Lla;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getPlayerManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerManager; t ()Llc;
net/minecraft/world/WorldServer/getDefaultTeleporter ()Lnet/minecraft/world/Teleporter; u ()Ladu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getStatFile ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile; A ()Lmv;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updatePotionMetadata ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getSpectatingEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; C ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getLastActiveTime ()J D ()J
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getTabListDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; E ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setPositionAndUpdate (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/handleFalling (DZ)V a (DZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setEntityActionState (FFZZ)V a (FFZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addExperienceLevel (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendTileEntityUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)V a (Lakw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/trySleep (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; a (Lcj;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/handleClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/loadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isSpectatedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/func_175145_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V a (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onNewPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onChangedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;Z)V a (Lpf;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onItemPickup (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/clonePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendContainerToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;)V a (Lxi;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setItemInUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/wakeUpPlayer (ZZZ)V a (ZZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/removeExperienceLevel (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onFinishedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V b (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/travelToDimension (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/canPlayersAttack ()Z cr ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getNextWindowId ()V cs ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/removeEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V d (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setSpectatingEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V e (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/attackTargetEntityWithCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/addSelfToInternalCraftingInventory ()V g_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendEnterCombat ()V h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateBiomesExplored ()V i_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendEndCombat ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onUpdateEntity ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/closeScreen ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/updateHeldItem ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/closeContainer ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/mountEntityAndWakeUp ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/setPlayerHealthUpdated ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onItemUseFinish ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/sendPlayerAbilities ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getServerForPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; u ()Lle;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/isSpectator ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getPlayerIP ()Ljava/lang/String; w ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/getChatVisibility ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; y ()Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP/markPlayerActive ()V z ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/updateBlockRemoving ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/blockRemoving (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/onBlockClicked (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcj;Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V a (Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/tryUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/activateBlockOrUseItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lzx;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; b ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/initializeGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V b (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/tryHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z b (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/survivalOrAdventure ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/removeBlock (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/isCreative ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ItemInWorldManager/cancelDestroyingBlock ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendDestroyEntityPacketToTrackedPlayers ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendPacketToTrackedPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerList (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/removeFromTrackedPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/sendMetadataToAllAssociatedPlayers ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/func_151261_b (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V b (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerEntities (Ljava/util/List;)V b (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/updatePlayerEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/createSpawnPacket ()Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; c ()Lff;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/func_180233_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z c (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/removeTrackedPlayerSymmetric (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V d (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/isPlayerWatchingThisChunk (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z e (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityTrackerEntry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/writeAndFlush (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/getStringBuffer (Ljava/lang/String;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;
net/minecraft/network/PingResponseHandler/channelRead (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V channelRead (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelHandlerContext;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/client/network/NetHandlerHandshakeMemory/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$1/load ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/nio/NioEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$1/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$2/load ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/epoll/EpollEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$2/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$3/load ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup; a ()Lio/netty/channel/local/LocalEventLoopGroup;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$3/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$4/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$5/initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V initChannel (Lio/netty/channel/Channel;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$6/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem$7/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/addLocalEndpoint ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress; a ()Ljava/net/SocketAddress;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/addLanEndpoint (Ljava/net/InetAddress;I)V a (Ljava/net/InetAddress;I)V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lll;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/terminateEndpoints ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; b (Lll;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/networkTick ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem/getServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; d ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/getNetworkManager ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; a ()Lek;
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/setPlayerLocation (DDDFF)V a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/setPlayerLocation (DDDFFLjava/util/Set;)V a (DDDFFLjava/util/Set;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/sendPacket (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processTabComplete (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C14PacketTabComplete;)V a (Lid;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C01PacketChatMessage;)V a (Lie;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClientStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C16PacketClientStatus;)V a (Lig;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClientSettings (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C15PacketClientSettings;)V a (Lih;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processConfirmTransaction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0FPacketConfirmTransaction;)V a (Lii;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processEnchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C11PacketEnchantItem;)V a (Lij;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processClickWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0EPacketClickWindow;)V a (Lik;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processCloseWindow (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0DPacketCloseWindow;)V a (Lil;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processVanilla250Packet (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C17PacketCustomPayload;)V a (Lim;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processUseEntity (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C02PacketUseEntity;)V a (Lin;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processKeepAlive (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C00PacketKeepAlive;)V a (Lio;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)V a (Lip;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerAbilities (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C13PacketPlayerAbilities;)V a (Liq;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerDigging (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C07PacketPlayerDigging;)V a (Lir;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processEntityAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0BPacketEntityAction;)V a (Lis;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processInput (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0CPacketInput;)V a (Lit;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleResourcePackStatus (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C19PacketResourcePackStatus;)V a (Liu;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processHeldItemChange (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C09PacketHeldItemChange;)V a (Liv;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processCreativeInventoryAction (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C10PacketCreativeInventoryAction;)V a (Liw;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processUpdateSign (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C12PacketUpdateSign;)V a (Lix;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C0APacketAnimation;)V a (Liy;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleSpectate (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C18PacketSpectate;)V a (Liz;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/processPlayerBlockPlacement (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C08PacketPlayerBlockPlacement;)V a (Lja;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/func_183006_b (Lnet/minecraft/network/play/client/C03PacketPlayer;)Z b (Lip;)Z
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/kickPlayerFromServer (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/currentTimeMillis ()J d ()J
net/minecraft/network/NetHandlerPlayServer/handleSlashCommand (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerHandshakeTCP/processHandshake (Lnet/minecraft/network/handshake/client/C00Handshake;)V a (Ljc;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelFuture;)V a (Lio/netty/channel/ChannelFuture;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$1/operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V operationComplete (Lio/netty/util/concurrent/Future;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$2/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState; values ()[Llo$a;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/getOfflineProfile (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/closeConnection (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/processLoginStart (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C00PacketLoginStart;)V a (Ljl;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/processEncryptionResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/login/client/C01PacketEncryptionResponse;)V a (Ljm;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; a (Llo;)Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Llo;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$502 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState;)Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer$LoginState; a (Llo;Llo$a;)Llo$a;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/tryAcceptPlayer ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Llo;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/update ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Llo;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/getConnectionInfo ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; d (Llo;)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerLoginServer/access$400 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; e ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/processPing (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C01PacketPing;)V a (Lju;)V
net/minecraft/server/network/NetHandlerStatusServer/processServerQuery (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/client/C00PacketServerQuery;)V a (Ljv;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/getBanEndDate ()Ljava/util/Date; c ()Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/getBanReason ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanEntry/hasBanExpired ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$1/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$2/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry;)Ljava/util/Date; a (Llt$a;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry/getExpirationDate ()Ljava/util/Date; b ()Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Llt$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Llt$a;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getEntriesWithLimit (I)Ljava/util/List; a (I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/addEntry (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/addEntry (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/util/Date;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/util/Date;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getGameProfileForUsername (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getProfileByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getGameProfile (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/load ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/getByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache$ProfileEntry; b (Ljava/util/UUID;)Llt$a;
net/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache/save ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/isBanned (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Z a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/getBanEntry (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry; b (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Llv;
net/minecraft/server/management/BanList/addressToString (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/IPBanEntry/getIPFromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$1/apply (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$2/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$3/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$4/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$5/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/func_152744_a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/func_152743_a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V onProfileLookupFailed (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter$6/onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V onProfileLookupSucceeded (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; a ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$400 (Ljava/io/File;)V a (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/readFile (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/getStringUUIDFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/access$200 (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/tryConvert (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z a (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertSaveFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/DedicatedServer;Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z a (Lko;Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertUserBanlist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/lookupNames (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/util/Collection;Lcom/mojang/authlib/ProfileLookupCallback;)V a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;Ljava/util/Collection;Lcom/mojang/authlib/ProfileLookupCallback;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/mkdir (Ljava/io/File;)V b (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/parseDate (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date; b (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Date;)Ljava/util/Date;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/hasUnconvertableFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z b (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertIpBanlist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z b (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/backupConverted (Ljava/io/File;)V c (Ljava/io/File;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/hasUnconvertablePlayerFiles (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Z c (Lkl;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertOplist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z c (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/getPlayersDirectory (Lnet/minecraft/server/dedicated/PropertyManager;)Ljava/io/File; d (Lkl;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/management/PreYggdrasilConverter/convertWhitelist (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z d (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onSizeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V a (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onCenterChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DD)V a (Lams;DD)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onTransitionStarted (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;DDJ)V a (Lams;DDJ)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onWarningTimeChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V a (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onDamageAmountChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V b (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onWarningDistanceChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;I)V b (Lams;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager$1/onDamageBufferChanged (Lnet/minecraft/world/border/WorldBorder;D)V c (Lams;D)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/loadWhiteList ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendToAllNear (DDDDILnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (DDDDILff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setViewDistance (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/addOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/initializeConnectionToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Lek;Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendChatMsg (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendChatMsgImpl (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;Z)V a (Leu;Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendPacketToAllPlayers (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendPacketToAllPlayersInDimension (Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet;I)V a (Lff;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerByUsername (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/allowUserToConnect (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerByUUID (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendScoreboard (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/ServerScoreboard;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Lkk;Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/readPlayerDataFromFile (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Llf;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/transferPlayerToDimension (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;I)V a (Llf;I)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/recreatePlayerEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;IZ)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; a (Llf;IZ)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/preparePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V a (Llf;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setPlayerGameTypeBasedOnOther (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Llf;Llf;Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/transferEntityToWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;ILnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V a (Lpk;ILle;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerStatsFile (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile; a (Lwn;)Lmv;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendToAllNearExcept (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;DDDDILnet/minecraft/network/Packet;)V a (Lwn;DDDDILff;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendMessageToAllTeamMembers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Lwn;Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setWhiteListEnabled (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setPlayerManager ([Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V a ([Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removeOp (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayersMatchingAddress (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/writePlayerData (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/updateTimeAndWeatherForPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer;)V b (Llf;Lle;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/sendMessageToTeamOrEvryPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Lwn;Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/func_181058_b (Z)Ljava/lang/String; b (Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getServerInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; c ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removePlayerFromWhitelist (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V c (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerLoggedIn (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V c (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/setCommandsAllowedForAll (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getEntityViewDistance ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/addWhitelistedPlayer (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V d (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/serverUpdateMountedMovingPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V d (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/onTick ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/canJoin (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z e (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/playerLoggedOut (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V e (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; f ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z f (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/syncPlayerInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V f (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAllProfiles ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; g ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/createPlayerForUser (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; g (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Llf;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getBannedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans; h ()Lmc;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/canSendCommands (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z h (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getBannedIPs ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/BanList; i ()Llu;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/saveAllPlayerData ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getWhitelistedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist; k ()Lme;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getWhitelistedPlayerNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; l ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getOppedPlayers ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps; m ()Lly;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getOppedPlayerNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; n ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getMaxPlayers ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getAvailablePlayerDat ()[Ljava/lang/String; q ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/isWhiteListEnabled ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getViewDistance ()I s ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getHostPlayerData ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; t ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/removeAllPlayers ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager/getPlayerList ()Ljava/util/List; v ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getGameProfileFromName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/bypassesPlayerLimit (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOps/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/getPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/bypassesPlayerLimit ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListOpsEntry/constructProfile (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/ICommandSender/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/hasBanExpired ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; f ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getActualTypeArguments ()[Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getOwnerType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$1/getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type; getRawType ()Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/serialize (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a (Lma;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object; deserialize (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonDeserializationContext;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList$Serializer/serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; serialize (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/reflect/Type;Lcom/google/gson/JsonSerializationContext;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/addEntry (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry;)V a (Lma;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/setLanServer (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/isLanServer ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; b (Ljava/lang/Object;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getSaveFile ()Ljava/io/File; c ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/removeEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)V c (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/isEmpty ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/hasEntry (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z d (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/getValues ()Ljava/util/Map; e ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/writeChanges ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/readSavedFile ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserList/removeExpired ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/isBanned (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/isUsernameBanned (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBans/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListBansEntry/toGameProfile (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getKeys ()[Ljava/lang/String; a ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/createEntry (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/UserListEntry; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lma;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/isWhitelisted (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getObjectKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getBannedProfile (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelist/getObjectKey (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry/onSerialization (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/UserListWhitelistEntry/gameProfileFromJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/toByteArray ()[B a ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeInt (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeString (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeShort (S)V a (S)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/writeByteArray ([B)V a ([B)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConOutputStream/reset ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getByteAsHexString (B)Ljava/lang/String; a (B)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsString ([BII)Ljava/lang/String; a ([BII)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getRemainingBytesAsLEInt ([BI)I b ([BI)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsLEInt ([BII)I b ([BII)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConUtils/getBytesAsBEint ([BII)I c ([BII)I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource; h ()Lmj;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/resetLog ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/getLogContents ()Ljava/lang/String; j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConConsoleSource/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/startThread ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/registerSocket (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;)V a (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeSocket (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;Z)Z a (Ljava/net/DatagramSocket;Z)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeServerSocket_do (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;Z)Z a (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;Z)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeAllSockets_do (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeServerSocket (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;)Z b (Ljava/net/ServerSocket;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/isRunning ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/getNumberOfPlayers ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V d (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadBase/closeAllSockets ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getRandomChallenge ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/hasExpired (J)Ljava/lang/Boolean; a (J)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getChallengeValue ()[B b ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery$Auth/getRequestId ()[B c ()[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/startThread ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/stopWithException (Ljava/lang/Exception;)V a (Ljava/lang/Exception;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/parseIncomingPacket (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Z a (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/getRequestID (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)[B a (Ljava/net/SocketAddress;)[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/sendResponsePacket ([BLjava/net/DatagramPacket;)V a ([BLjava/net/DatagramPacket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/createQueryResponse (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)[B b (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)[B
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/verifyClientAuth (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Ljava/lang/Boolean; c (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)Ljava/lang/Boolean;
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/sendAuthChallenge (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)V d (Ljava/net/DatagramPacket;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/cleanQueryClientsMap ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/initQuerySystem ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadQuery/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendResponse (IILjava/lang/String;)V a (IILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendMultipacketResponse (ILjava/lang/String;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/sendLoginFailedResponse ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/closeSocket ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadClient/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/startThread ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/initClientThreadList ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/cleanClientThreadsMap ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/network/rcon/RConThreadMain/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; a ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/setStatStringFormatter (Lnet/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; a (Lms;)Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/setSpecial ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; b ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement; c ()Lmq;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/isAchievement ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getStatName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; e ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/getSpecial ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; h ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/Achievement/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; i ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/AchievementList/init ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/IStatStringFormat/formatString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBasic/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; h ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatCrafting/func_150959_a ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/readStatFile ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/parseJson (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/dumpJson (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150876_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V a (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/unlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V a (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/saveStatFile ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/sendAchievements (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)V b (Llf;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150878_c ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150877_d ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatisticsFile/func_150879_e ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$1/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$2/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$3/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase$4/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/func_150953_b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/isAchievement ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/getStatName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; e ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/registerStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; h ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/initIndependentStat ()Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; i ()Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/createChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; j ()Leu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/getCriteria ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/IScoreObjectiveCriteria; k ()Lauu;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/func_150954_l ()Ljava/lang/Class; l ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/access$000 ()Ljava/text/NumberFormat; m ()Ljava/text/NumberFormat;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/access$100 ()Ljava/text/DecimalFormat; n ()Ljava/text/DecimalFormat;
net/minecraft/stats/StatBase/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/IStatType/format (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/getIntegerValue ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/setIntegerValue (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/setJsonSerializableValue (Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable;)V a (Lmz;)V
net/minecraft/util/TupleIntJsonSerializable/getJsonSerializableValue ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; b ()Lmz;
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable/getSerializableElement ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable/fromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$1/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ln$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/getTypeNames ()[Ljava/lang/String; c ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type; values ()[Ln$a;
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/readStatsFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/setCommandStatScore (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Lm;Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/addAllStats (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;)V a (Ln;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/removeScoreBoardStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;)V a (Ln;Ln$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/setScoreBoardStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats;Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ln;Ln$a;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats/writeStatsToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/init ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getOneShotStat (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getStatKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; a (Lpm$a;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/func_180204_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzw;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/replaceAllSimilarBlocks ([Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V a ([Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/mergeStatBases ([Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a ([Lmw;Lafh;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initCraftableStats ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/getStatEntityKilledBy (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityList$EntityEggInfo;)Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase; b (Lpm$a;)Lmw;
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initMiningStats ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initStats ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatList/initItemDepleteStats ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/hasAchievementUnlocked (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z a (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/readStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)I a (Lmw;)I
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150872_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; a (Lmw;Lmz;)Lmz;
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/unlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V a (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/canUnlockAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z b (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150870_b (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IJsonSerializable; b (Lmw;)Lmz;
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/increaseStat (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V b (Lwn;Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/stats/StatFileWriter/func_150874_c (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)I c (Lmq;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/getSerializableElement ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement; a ()Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/fromJson (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)V
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/lang/Object; delegate ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/util/Collection; delegate ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/JsonSerializableSet/delegate ()Ljava/util/Set; delegate ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap$1/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/createLookup (Ljava/lang/Class;)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/addForClass (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Class;)V a (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Class;)V
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Lne;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/add (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z add (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/initializeClassLookup (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class; b (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/getByClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Iterable; c (Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/lang/Iterable;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/contains (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z contains (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator; iterator ()Ljava/util/Iterator;
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/ClassInheritanceMultiMap/size ()I size ()I
net/minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever/getClientModName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/client/ClientBrandRetriever/getClientModName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$1/getPasswordAuthentication ()Ljava/net/PasswordAuthentication; minecraft/client/main/Main$1/getPasswordAuthentication ()Ljava/net/PasswordAuthentication;
net/minecraft/client/main/Main$2/run ()V minecraft/client/main/Main$2/run ()V
net/minecraft/client/main/Main/isNullOrEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/client/main/Main/a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/init ()V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/DisconnectedRealmsScreen/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/adventureId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/adventureId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/clearResourcePack ()V minecraft/realms/Realms/clearResourcePack ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/creativeId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/creativeId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/currentTimeMillis ()J minecraft/realms/Realms/currentTimeMillis ()J
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; minecraft/realms/Realms/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getGameDirectoryPath ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getGameDirectoryPath ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; minecraft/realms/Realms/getProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getRealmsNotificationsEnabled ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/getRealmsNotificationsEnabled ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getSessionId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getSessionId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/getUUID ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/getUUID ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/inTitleScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/inTitleScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/isTouchScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/Realms/isTouchScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/sessionId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/sessionId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V minecraft/realms/Realms/setConnectedToRealms (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/setScreen (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;)V minecraft/realms/Realms/setScreen (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;)V
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/spectatorId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/spectatorId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/survivalId ()I minecraft/realms/Realms/survivalId ()I
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/userName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/userName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Realms/uuidToName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/Realms/uuidToName (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/clearAll ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/clearAll ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/convertLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/convertLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Lnu;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/deleteLevel (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/deleteLevel (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getLevelList ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getLevelList ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/getName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isConvertible (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/isNewLevelIdAcceptable (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelExists (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/levelExists (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/renameLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/renameLevel (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/requiresConversion (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource/requiresConversion (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/getNotificationScreen (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy; minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/getNotificationScreen (Laxu;)Lawr;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/init ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/switchToRealms (Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreen;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBridge/switchToRealms (Laxu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/begin (ILnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/begin (ILbmu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/clear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/clear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (FFFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/end ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/end ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/endVertex ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/endVertex ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTex2 (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTex2 (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTint (FFFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/faceTint (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupQuadColor (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupVertexColor (FFFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/fixupVertexColor (FFFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/from (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/from (Lbfd;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getBuffer ()Ljava/nio/ByteBuffer;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getDrawMode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getDrawMode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/noColor ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/noColor ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/normal (FFF)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/offset (DDD)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/offset (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postNormal (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postNormal (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postProcessFacePosition (DDD)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/postProcessFacePosition (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/putBulkData ([I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/putBulkData ([I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/restoreState (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/WorldRenderer$State;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/restoreState (Lbfd$a;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/sortQuads (FFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/sortQuads (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex2 (II)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/tex2 (II)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/active (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/blit (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/blit (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/clicked (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/clicked (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getHeight ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getHeight ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getProxy ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getProxy ()Lavs;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getWidth ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getWidth ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getYImage (Z)I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/getYImage (Z)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/id ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/id ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/msg (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/msg (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/released (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/released (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/render (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/render (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/renderBg (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/renderBg (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/y ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsButton/y ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/customMouseEvent (IIIFI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/customMouseEvent (IIIFI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/itemClicked (IIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/itemClicked (IIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderSelected (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/renderSelected (IIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/setLeftPos (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/setLeftPos (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsClickableScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/run ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect$1/run ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/abort ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/abort ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lek;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager;)Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkManager; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$102 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;Lek;)Lek;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/access$300 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/connect (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsConnect/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/getValue ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/isFocused ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/isFocused ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/mouseClicked (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/mouseClicked (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/render ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/render ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setFocus (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setFocus (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setIsEditable (Z)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setIsEditable (Z)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setMaxLength (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setMaxLength (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/setValue (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/SaveFormatComparator;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lats;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getGameMode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getGameMode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLastPlayed ()J minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLastPlayed ()J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelId ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelId ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getLevelName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getSizeOnDisk ()J minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/getSizeOnDisk ()J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/hasCheats ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/hasCheats ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isHardcore ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isHardcore ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isRequiresConversion ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsLevelSummary/isRequiresConversion ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/abs (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absFloor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absFloor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absMax (DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/absMax (DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/average ([J)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/average ([J)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (F)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/ceil (F)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (DDD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (DDD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (FFF)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (FFF)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (III)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clamp (III)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clampedLerp (DDD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/clampedLerp (DDD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/cos (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/cos (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/fastFloor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/fastFloor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (D)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (D)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (F)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/floor (F)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getDouble (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/getInt (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/intFloorDiv (II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/intFloorDiv (II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/isEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/isEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/lfloor (D)J minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/lfloor (D)J
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/log2 (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/log2 (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextDouble (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextDouble (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextFloat (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextFloat (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextInt (Ljava/util/Random;II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/nextInt (Ljava/util/Random;II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/roundUp (II)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/roundUp (II)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sin (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sin (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/smallestEncompassingPowerOfTwo (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/smallestEncompassingPowerOfTwo (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (D)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (D)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/sqrt (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (D)D minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (D)D
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsMth/wrapDegrees (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bind (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bind (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bindFace (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/bindFace (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIIIFF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIFFIIIIFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/blit (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonClicked (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttons ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttons ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsAdd (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsAdd (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsClear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsClear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsRemove (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/buttonsRemove (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/confirmResult (ZI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/confirmResult (ZI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawCenteredString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawCenteredString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/drawString (Ljava/lang/String;IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fillGradient (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fillGradient (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontDrawShadow (Ljava/lang/String;III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontDrawShadow (Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontLineHeight ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontLineHeight ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontSplit (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontSplit (Ljava/lang/String;I)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/fontWidth (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLevelStorageSource ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLevelStorageSource ()Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsAnvilLevelStorageSource;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getLocalizedString (Ljava/lang/String;[Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getProxy ()Lnet/minecraft/client/gui/GuiScreenRealmsProxy; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/getProxy ()Lawr;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/height ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init (Lnet/minecraft/client/Minecraft;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/init (Lave;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/isPauseScreen ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/isPauseScreen ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyPressed (CI)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyboardEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/keyboardEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseClicked (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseClicked (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseDragged (IIIJ)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseDragged (IIIJ)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseReleased (III)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/mouseReleased (III)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIIIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIIIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newButton (IIILjava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsButton;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newEditBox (IIIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox; minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/newEditBox (IIIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsEditBox;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/removed ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/removed ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderBackground (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/lang/String;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/lang/String;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/util/List;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Ljava/util/List;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/renderTooltip (Lzx;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScreen/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getHost ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getHost ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getPort ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/getPort ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/parseString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress/parseString (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerAddress;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/onDisconnect (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/handlePong (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S01PacketPong;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/a (Ljq;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/handleServerInfo (Lnet/minecraft/network/status/server/S00PacketServerInfo;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger$1/a (Ljr;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/pingServer (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing;)V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/pingServer (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerPing;)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/removeAll ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/removeAll ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/tick ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsServerStatusPinger/tick ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getItemCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getMaxPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScroll ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/getScrollbarPosition ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/isSelectedItem (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/mouseEvent ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/render (IIF)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderBackground ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderItem (IIIILnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/renderList (IIII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/scroll (I)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/selectItem (IZII)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/width ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/width ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/xm ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsSimpleScrolledSelectionList/ym ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clamp (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clamp (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clampSteps (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clampSteps (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (F)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (F)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/clicked (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getMessage ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getYImage (Z)I minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/getYImage (Z)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/released (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/released (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/renderBg (II)V minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/renderBg (II)V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toPct (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toPct (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toValue (F)F minecraft/realms/RealmsSliderButton/toValue (F)F
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/addElement (Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/clear ()V minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/clear ()V
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/from (Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/from (Lbmu;)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getColorOffset ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElement (I)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElementCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElementCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getElements ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getIntegerSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getNormalOffset ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getOffset (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getOffset (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getUvOffset (I)I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getUvOffset (I)I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexFormat ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormat; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexFormat ()Lbmu;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/getVertexSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasColor ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasColor ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasNormal ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasUv (I)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hasUv (I)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hashCode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat/toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getByteSize ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getByteSize ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getCount ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getCount ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getIndex ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getVertexFormatElement ()Lnet/minecraft/client/renderer/vertex/VertexFormatElement; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/getVertexFormatElement ()Lbmv;
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/isPosition ()Z minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/isPosition ()Z
net/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormatElement/toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/begin (ILnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/begin (ILnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsVertexFormat;)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (FFFF)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (FFFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/color (IIII)Lnet/minecraft/realms/RealmsBufferBuilder;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/end ()V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/end ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/endVertex ()V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/endVertex ()V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/normal (FFF)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/normal (FFF)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/offset (DDD)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/offset (DDD)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex (DD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex2 (SS)V minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/tex2 (SS)V
net/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator; minecraft/realms/Tezzelator/vertex (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/realms/Tezzelator;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/setDoneWorking ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/a ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/setLoadingProgress (I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/a (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$1/c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/run ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$2/run ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/tick ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/A ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/updateTimeLightAndEntities ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/B ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getAllowNether ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/C ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startServerThread ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/D ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/E ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPort ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/F ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMotd ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/G ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMinecraftVersion ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/H ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentPlayerCount ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/I ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxPlayers ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/J ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/K ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameProfiles ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/L ()[Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDebuggingEnabled ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/M ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServer ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/N ()Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isAnvilFileSet ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/O ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandManager; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/P ()Ll;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getKeyPair ()Ljava/security/KeyPair; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/Q ()Ljava/security/KeyPair;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerPort ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/R ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerOwner ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/S ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isSinglePlayer ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/T ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getFolderName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/U ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getWorldName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/V ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/allowSpawnMonsters ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/W ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDemo ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/X ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getActiveAnvilConverter ()Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveFormat; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/Y ()Latr;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/worldServerForDimension (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldServer; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (I)Lle;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isBlockProtected (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ladm;Lcj;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shareToLAN (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;Z)Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ladp$a;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/finalTick (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lb;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/convertMapIfNeeded (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setResourcePackFromWorld (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/storage/ISaveHandler;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/lang/String;Latp;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/loadAllWorlds (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLnet/minecraft/world/WorldType;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;JLadr;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setKeyPair (Ljava/security/KeyPair;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/security/KeyPair;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getEntityFromUuid (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/callFromMainThread (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljava/util/concurrent/Callable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addFaviconToStatusResponse (Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ljs;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/registerTickable (Lnet/minecraft/util/ITickable;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lkm;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setConfigManager (Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Llx;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getTabCompletions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lnet/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer;)Llx;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setDifficultyForAllWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Loj;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/saveAllWorlds (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxPlayerIdleMinutes ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aA ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isAnnouncingPlayerAchievements ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aB ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMinecraftSessionService ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aD ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/minecraft/MinecraftSessionService;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameProfileRepository ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfileRepository; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aE ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfileRepository;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPlayerProfileCache ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/PlayerProfileCache; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aF ()Llt;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerStatusResponse ()Lnet/minecraft/network/ServerStatusResponse; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aG ()Ljs;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/refreshStatusNextTick ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aH ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMaxWorldSize ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aI ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getNetworkCompressionTreshold ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aK ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentTime ()J minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aL ()J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerThread ()Ljava/lang/Thread; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aM ()Ljava/lang/Thread;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aN ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/outputPercentRemaining (Ljava/lang/String;I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a_ (Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setResourcePack (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/a_ (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/deleteWorldAndStopServer ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aa ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getResourcePackUrl ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ab ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getResourcePackHash ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ac ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isSnooperEnabled ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ad ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isDedicatedServer ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ae ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerInOnlineMode ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/af ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCanSpawnAnimals ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ag ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCanSpawnNPCs ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ah ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldUseNativeTransport ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ai ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isPVPEnabled ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aj ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isFlightAllowed ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ak ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isCommandBlockEnabled ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/al ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getMOTD ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/am ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getBuildLimit ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/an ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerStopped ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ao ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getConfigurationManager ()Lnet/minecraft/server/management/ServerConfigurationManager; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ap ()Llx;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getNetworkSystem ()Lnet/minecraft/network/NetworkSystem; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aq ()Lll;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/serverIsInRunLoop ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ar ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGuiEnabled ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/as ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getTickCounter ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/at ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/enableProfiling ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/au ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPlayerUsageSnooper ()Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/av ()Lor;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getSpawnProtectionSize ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/aw ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getForceGamemode ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ax ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerProxy ()Ljava/net/Proxy; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/ay ()Ljava/net/Proxy;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCurrentTimeMillis ()J minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/az ()J
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setServerPort (I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerInfoToCrashReport (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport;)Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReport; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b (Lb;)Lb;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setUserMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setDemo (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/b (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setBuildLimit (I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/c (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setHostname (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canCreateBonusChest (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/c (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setPlayerIdleTimeout (I)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/d (I)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getFile (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/d (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setOnlineMode (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/d (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logInfo (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/e (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCanSpawnAnimals (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/e (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logWarning (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/f (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setCanSpawnNPCs (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/f (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logSevere (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/g (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setAllowPvp (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/g (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerModName ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerModName ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/createNewCommandManager ()Lnet/minecraft/command/ServerCommandManager; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/h ()Lbd;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/logDebug (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/h (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setAllowFlight (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/h (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/startServer ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/i ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setServerOwner (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/i (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setForceGamemode (Z)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/i (Z)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getUserMessage ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/j ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setFolderName (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/j (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/initialWorldChunkLoad ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/k ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setWorldName (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/k (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/canStructuresSpawn ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/l ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setMOTD (Ljava/lang/String;)V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/l (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getGameType ()Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/m ()Ladp$a;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDifficulty ()Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/n ()Loj;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isHardcore ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/o ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getOpPermissionLevel ()I minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/p ()I
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldBroadcastRconToOps ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/q ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/shouldBroadcastConsoleToOps ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/r ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/run ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/run ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/clearCurrentTask ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/s ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/stopServer ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/t ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getServerHostname ()Ljava/lang/String; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/u ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/sendCommandFeedback ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/isServerRunning ()Z minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/v ()Z
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/initiateShutdown ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/w ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/setInstance ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/x ()V
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/getDataDirectory ()Ljava/io/File; minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/y ()Ljava/io/File;
net/minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/systemExitNow ()V minecraft/server/MinecraftServer/z ()V
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createNewSharedKey ()Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; a ()Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createTheCipherInstance (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher; a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/createNetCipherInstance (ILjava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher; a (ILjava/security/Key;)Ljavax/crypto/Cipher;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/cipherOperation (ILjava/security/Key;[B)[B a (ILjava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/getServerIdHash (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/security/PublicKey;Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)[B a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/security/PublicKey;Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/digestOperation (Ljava/lang/String;[[B)[B a (Ljava/lang/String;[[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/encryptData (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B a (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decryptSharedKey (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;[B)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey; a (Ljava/security/PrivateKey;[B)Ljavax/crypto/SecretKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decodePublicKey ([B)Ljava/security/PublicKey; a ([B)Ljava/security/PublicKey;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/generateKeyPair ()Ljava/security/KeyPair; b ()Ljava/security/KeyPair;
net/minecraft/util/CryptManager/decryptData (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B b (Ljava/security/Key;[B)[B
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getLastIndex ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/addFrame (J)V a (J)V
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getLagometerValue (JI)I a (JI)I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getIndex ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/parseIndex (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/util/FrameTimer/getFrames ()[J c ()[J
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Z a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;F)F a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;F)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z a (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z c (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/toString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Ljava/lang/String; d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)F d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)I f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/isJsonPrimitive (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z f (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/hasField (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z g (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getString (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; h (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getBoolean (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z i (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getFloat (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)F k (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)F
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; l (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; m (Lcom/google/gson/JsonElement;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getInt (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)I m (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonObject (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject; s (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;
net/minecraft/util/JsonUtils/getJsonArray (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray; t (Lcom/google/gson/JsonObject;Ljava/lang/String;)Lcom/google/gson/JsonArray;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/getSuitableLanPort ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/downloadResourcePack (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Map;ILnet/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate;Ljava/net/Proxy;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/io/File;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/util/Map;ILnu;Ljava/net/Proxy;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/get (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/net/URL;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/post (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/postMap (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/util/Map;Z)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/net/URL;Ljava/util/Map;Z)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/buildPostString (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/HttpUtil/access$000 ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger; b ()Lorg/apache/logging/log4j/Logger;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/put (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/clear ()V clear ()V
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z containsKey (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/containsValue (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z containsValue (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/entrySet ()Ljava/util/Set; entrySet ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/get (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; get (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/isEmpty ()Z isEmpty ()Z
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/keySet ()Ljava/util/Set; keySet ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/put (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; put (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/putAll (Ljava/util/Map;)V putAll (Ljava/util/Map;)V
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; remove (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/size ()I size ()I
net/minecraft/server/management/LowerStringMap/values ()Ljava/util/Collection; values ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/util/IntegerCache/getInteger (I)Ljava/lang/Integer; a (I)Ljava/lang/Integer;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/getHash ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/lookup (I)Ljava/lang/Object; a (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/getSlotIndex (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/insert (IILjava/lang/Object;I)V a (IILjava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/addKey (ILjava/lang/Object;)V a (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/copyTo ([Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry;)V a ([Lnm$a;)V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/containsItem (I)Z b (I)Z
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/clearMap ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/lookupEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry; c (I)Lnm$a;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/removeObject (I)Ljava/lang/Object; d (I)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/removeEntry (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/IntHashMap$Entry; e (I)Lnm$a;
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/access$000 (I)I f (I)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/computeHash (I)I g (I)I
net/minecraft/util/IntHashMap/grow (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/load ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LazyLoadBase/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; c ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152757_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152758_b ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/util/ThreadSafeBoundList/func_152756_c ()[Ljava/lang/Object; c ()[Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/getKey ()J a ()J
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/getValue ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getNumHashElements ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/hash (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getHashIndex (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/createKey (IJLjava/lang/Object;I)V a (IJLjava/lang/Object;I)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getValueByKey (J)Ljava/lang/Object; a (J)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/add (JLjava/lang/Object;)V a (JLjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/copyHashTableTo ([Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry;)V a ([Lnq$a;)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/resizeTable (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/containsItem (J)Z b (J)Z
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getEntry (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry; c (J)Lnq$a;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/remove (J)Ljava/lang/Object; d (J)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/removeKey (J)Lnet/minecraft/util/LongHashMap$Entry; e (J)Lnq$a;
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/access$000 (J)I f (J)I
net/minecraft/util/LongHashMap/getHashedKey (J)I g (J)I
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/read (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonReader;)Ljava/lang/Object; read (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonReader;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory$1/write (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonWriter;Ljava/lang/Object;)V write (Lcom/google/gson/stream/JsonWriter;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/func_151232_a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lnr;Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EnumTypeAdapterFactory/create (Lcom/google/gson/Gson;Lcom/google/gson/reflect/TypeToken;)Lcom/google/gson/TypeAdapter; create (Lcom/google/gson/Gson;Lcom/google/gson/reflect/TypeToken;)Lcom/google/gson/TypeAdapter;
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sqrt_double (D)F a (D)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs_max (DD)D a (DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_double (DDD)D a (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sin (F)F a (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/epsilonEquals (FF)Z a (FF)Z
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_float (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs_int (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/bucketInt (II)I a (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/clamp_int (III)I a (III)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getPositionRandom (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3i;)J a (Ldf;)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseDoubleWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;D)D a (Ljava/lang/String;D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseDoubleWithDefaultAndMax (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D a (Ljava/lang/String;DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/parseIntWithDefaultAndMax (Ljava/lang/String;II)I a (Ljava/lang/String;II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomUuid (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/UUID; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomDoubleInRange (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D a (Ljava/util/Random;DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/randomFloatClamp (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F a (Ljava/util/Random;FF)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getRandomIntegerInRange (Ljava/util/Random;II)I a (Ljava/util/Random;II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/average ([J)D a ([J)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/truncateDoubleToInt (D)I b (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/atan2 (DD)D b (DD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/denormalizeClamp (DDD)D b (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/cos (F)F b (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180183_b (FFF)I b (FFF)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/roundUpToPowerOfTwo (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/normalizeAngle (II)I b (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180181_b (III)I b (III)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_double (D)I c (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181160_c (DDD)D c (DDD)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/sqrt_float (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/hsvToRGB (FFF)I c (FFF)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/calculateLogBaseTwo (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/roundUp (II)I c (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/getCoordinateRandom (III)J c (III)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_double_long (D)J d (D)J
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/floor_float (F)I d (F)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/isPowerOfTwo (I)Z d (I)Z
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_180188_d (II)I d (II)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_154353_e (D)I e (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/abs (F)F e (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/calculateLogBaseTwoDeBruijn (I)I e (I)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/ceiling_double_int (D)I f (D)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/ceiling_float_int (F)I f (F)I
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/wrapAngleTo180_double (D)D g (D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/wrapAngleTo180_float (F)F g (F)F
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181162_h (D)D h (D)D
net/minecraft/util/MathHelper/func_181161_i (D)D i (D)D
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/getColor ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/compareTo (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result;)I a (Lnt$a;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler$Result/compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I compareTo (Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/clearProfiling ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/startSection (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/endSection ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/getProfilingData (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/getNameOfLastSection ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/Profiler/endStartSection (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/setDoneWorking ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/setLoadingProgress (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/displaySavingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/resetProgressAndMessage (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/IProgressUpdate/displayLoadingString (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/reset ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/MouseFilter/smooth (FF)F a (FF)F
net/minecraft/util/IStringSerializable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/ticksToElapsedTime (I)Ljava/lang/String; a (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/stripControlCodes (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/StringUtils/isNullOrEmpty (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/getFirst ()Ljava/lang/Object; a ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/util/Tuple/getSecond ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$10/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$11/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$12/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/compare (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$4/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$5/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$5/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$6/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$7/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$8/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector$9/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179650_a (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179661_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; a (Lcj;III)Laug;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchesMultiplePlayers (Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179658_a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/List;Ljava/util/Map;Lm;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_96560_a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map; a (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_180698_a (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Map;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/filterResults (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/util/List;Ljava/lang/String;Ladm;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179663_a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/parseIntWithDefault (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchOnePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Llf;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchOneEntity (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getWorlds (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/hasArguments (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getXpLevelPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; b (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179664_b (Ljava/util/Map;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b (Ljava/util/Map;Lcj;)Lcj;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179651_b (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Ljava/util/Map;Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchEntitiesToChatComponent (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;)Leu;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/matchEntities (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/List; b (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Class;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/isEntityTypeValid (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/util/Map;)Z b (Lm;Ljava/util/Map;)Z
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getArgumentMap (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getGamemodePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; c (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getTeamPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; d (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getScorePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; e (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getNamePredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; f (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/getRotationsPredicates (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List; g (Ljava/util/Map;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/PlayerSelector/func_179665_h (Ljava/util/Map;)Z h (Ljava/util/Map;)Z
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getTotalWeight (Ljava/util/Collection;)I a (Ljava/util/Collection;)I
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Collection;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; a (Ljava/util/Collection;I)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom/getRandomItem (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;I)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandom$Item; a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/Collection;I)Loa$a;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/func_177629_a (Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent;)Ljava/util/List; a (Ljava/util/List;[Lob;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/generateDispenserContents (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityDispenser;I)V a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lalc;I)V
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent/generateChestContents (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)V a (Ljava/util/Random;Ljava/util/List;Log;I)V
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener/addScheduledTask (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture; a (Ljava/lang/Runnable;)Lcom/google/common/util/concurrent/ListenableFuture;
net/minecraft/util/IThreadListener/isCallingFromMinecraftThread ()Z aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isPartOfLargeChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)Z a (Log;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryLargeChest/isLocked ()Z r_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/IInventory/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic/onInventoryChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic;)V a (Loq;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ladm;DDDLog;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/spawnItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Ladm;DDDLzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryHelper/dropInventoryItems (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ladm;Lpk;Log;)V
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyEnum (I)Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; a (I)Loj;
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/getDifficultyResourceKey ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty; values ()[Loj;
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/calculateAdditionalDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/EnumDifficulty;JJF)F a (Loj;JJF)F
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/getAdditionalDifficulty ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance/getClampedAdditionalDifficulty ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/isEmpty ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/toNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/getLock ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/LockCode/fromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; b (Ldn;)Lon;
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/world/ILockableContainer/isLocked ()Z r_ ()Z
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/world/IWorldNameable/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setCustomName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/addInventoryChangeListener (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic;)V a (Loh;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/func_174894_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/removeInventoryChangeListener (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInvBasic;)V b (Loh;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper$1/run ()V run ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/startSnooper ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addClientStat (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Lnet/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage; a (Lor;)Los;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addMemoryStatsToSnooper ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addStatToSnooper (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/lang/Object; b (Lor;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getCurrentStats ()Ljava/util/Map; c ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/util/Map; c (Lor;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/isSnooperRunning ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$300 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)I d (Lor;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/stopSnooper ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$400 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/util/Map; e (Lor;)Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getUniqueID ()Ljava/lang/String; f ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$308 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)I f (Lor;)I
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/getMinecraftStartTimeMillis ()J g ()J
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$500 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/lang/String; g (Lor;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addOSData ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/access$600 (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)Ljava/net/URL; h (Lor;)Ljava/net/URL;
net/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper/addJvmArgsToSnooper ()V i ()V
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/addServerStatsToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V a (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/isSnooperEnabled ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/profiler/IPlayerUsage/addServerTypeToSnooper (Lnet/minecraft/profiler/PlayerUsageSnooper;)V b (Lor;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/canInsertItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z a (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/getSlotsForFace (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)[I a (Lcq;)[I
net/minecraft/inventory/ISidedInventory/canExtractItem (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Z b (ILzx;Lcq;)Z
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageSrc ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/func_94563_c ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/isLivingDamageSrc ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/func_94562_g ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageSrcDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; h ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/CombatEntry/getDamageAmount ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94545_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94548_b (Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatEntry;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lou;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/trackDamage (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;FF)V a (Low;FF)V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/getDeathMessage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b ()Leu;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94550_c ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; c ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_180134_f ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/reset ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/getFighter ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; h ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94544_f ()Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatEntry; i ()Lou;
net/minecraft/util/CombatTracker/func_94542_g ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isProjectile ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setExplosionSource (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Ladi;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeThornsDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeThrownDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lpk;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeMobDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lpr;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causePlayerDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lwn;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeArrowDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lwq;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeFireballDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; a (Lws;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setProjectile ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; b ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/causeIndirectMagicDamage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; b (Lpk;Lpk;)Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isExplosion ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setExplosion ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; d ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isUnblockable ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getHungerDamage ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/canHarmInCreative ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDamageAbsolute ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getSourceOfDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; i ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; j ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageBypassesArmor ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; k ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageAllowedInCreativeMode ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; l ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDamageIsAbsolute ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; m ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setFireDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; n ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isFireDamage ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/getDamageType ()Ljava/lang/String; p ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setDifficultyScaled ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; q ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isDifficultyScaled ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isMagicDamage ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/setMagicDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource; t ()Low;
net/minecraft/util/DamageSource/isCreativePlayer ()Z u ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; j ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/isDifficultyScaled ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/setIsThornsDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource; v ()Lox;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSource/getIsThornsDamage ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getDeathMessage (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; b (Lpr;)Leu;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getSourceOfDamage ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; i ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/util/EntityDamageSourceIndirect/getEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; j ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/stats/Achievement;)Z a (Lmq;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandAchievement/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAbsorption/applyAttributesModifiersToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V b (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionAttackDamage/getAttributeModifierAmount (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)D a (ILqd;)D
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealthBoost/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth/isReady (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionHealth/isInstant ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setEffectiveness (D)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; a (D)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isReady (II)Z a (II)Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getAttributeModifierAmount (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)D a (ILqd;)D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getDurationString (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lpf;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/affectEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;ID)V a (Lpk;Lpk;Lpr;ID)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/performEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;I)V a (Lpr;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/removeAttributesModifiersFromEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V a (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/registerPotionAttributeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;Ljava/lang/String;DI)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; a (Lqb;Ljava/lang/String;DI)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isInstant ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setIconIndex (II)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; b (II)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getPotionFromResourceLocation (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/applyAttributesModifiersToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;I)V b (Lpr;Lqf;I)V
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getPotionLocations ()Ljava/util/Set; c ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/setPotionName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpe;
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getId ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/hasStatusIcon ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getStatusIconIndex ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isBadEffect ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getEffectiveness ()D h ()D
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/isUsable ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getLiquidColor ()I k ()I
net/minecraft/potion/Potion/getAttributeModifierMap ()Ljava/util/Map; l ()Ljava/util/Map;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getPotionID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/writeCustomPotionEffectToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/combine (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/setSplashPotion (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getDuration ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/readCustomPotionEffectFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect; b (Ldn;)Lpf;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/performEffect (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/setPotionDurationMax (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getAmplifier ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsAmbient ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsShowParticles ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getEffectName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/getIsPotionDurationMax ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/deincrementDuration ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setScale (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setSize (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/addGrowth (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/func_175501_a (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setScaleForAge (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/setGrowingAge (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/isChild ()Z j_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/getGrowingAge ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable/onGrowingAdult ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$2/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$3/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity$4/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityId ()I F ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onKillCommand ()V G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDataWatcher ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher; H ()Lpz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/preparePlayerToSpawn ()V I ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onEntityUpdate ()V K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMaxInPortalTime ()I L ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setOnFireFromLava ()V M ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/extinguish ()V N ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/kill ()V O ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; P ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/doBlockCollisions ()V Q ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSilent ()Z R ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; S ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToFire ()Z T ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isWet ()Z U ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInWater ()Z V ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/handleWaterMovement ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/resetHeight ()V X ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/spawnRunningParticles ()V Y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/createRunningParticles ()V Z ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndUpdate (DDD)V a (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndRotation (DDDFF)V a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/rayTrace (DF)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (DF)Lauh;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSize (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveFlying (FFF)V a (FFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canCommandSenderUseCommand (ILjava/lang/String;)Z a (ILjava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/verifyExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)Z a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInsideOfMaterial (Lnet/minecraft/block/material/Material;)Z a (Larm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEntityBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)V a (Laug;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addEntityCrashInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveToBlockPosAndAngles (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;FF)V a (Lcj;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addChatMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V a (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCustomNameTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSpectatedByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCommandStat (Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats$Type;I)V a (Ln$a;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/applyEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpr;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/interactAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z a (Lwn;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Lzw;I)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dropItemWithOffset (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IF)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Lzw;IF)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityDropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;F)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Lzx;F)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/newDoubleNBTList ([D)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a ([D)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/newFloatNBTList ([F)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a ([F)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setInWeb ()V aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getParts ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; aB ()[Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getRotationYawHead ()F aC ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMaxFallHeight ()I aE ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/func_181014_aG ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; aG ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getTeleportDirection ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; aH ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/doesEntityNotTriggerPressurePlate ()Z aI ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canRenderOnFire ()Z aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getUniqueID ()Ljava/util/UUID; aK ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isPushedByWater ()Z aL ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCustomNameTag ()Ljava/lang/String; aM ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAlwaysRenderNameTag ()Z aN ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z aO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getHorizontalFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; aP ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getHoverEvent ()Lnet/minecraft/event/HoverEvent; aQ ()Lew;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; aR ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOutsideBorder ()Z aT ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCommandStats ()Lnet/minecraft/command/CommandResultStats; aU ()Ln;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getNBTTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; aV ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isImmuneToExplosions ()Z aW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; aa ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInLava ()Z ab ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setBeenAttacked ()V ac ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/shouldSetPosAfterLoading ()Z af ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityString ()Ljava/lang/String; ag ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onChunkLoad ()V ah ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityAlive ()Z ai ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityInsideOpaqueBlock ()Z aj ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateRidden ()V ak ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/updateRiderPosition ()V al ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getYOffset ()D am ()D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getMountedYOffset ()D an ()D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBorderSize ()F ao ()F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getLookVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; ap ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPortalCooldown ()I aq ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/performHurtAnimation ()V ar ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; as ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isBurning ()Z at ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isRiding ()Z au ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSneaking ()Z av ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isSprinting ()Z aw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInvisible ()Z ax ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEating ()Z ay ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getAir ()I az ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPosition (DDD)V b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setLocationAndAngles (DDDFF)V b (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRotation (FF)V b (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setFlag (IZ)V b (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isLiquidPresentInAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)D b (Lcj;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityInvulnerable (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)Z b (Low;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addToPlayerScore (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V b (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSilent (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isOffsetPositionInLiquid (DDD)Z c (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAngles (FF)V c (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/travelToDimension (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSqToCenter (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)D c (Lcj;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeMountToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z c (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSneaking (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/moveEntity (DDD)V d (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getLook (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEntityId (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setPortal (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V d (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeToNBTOptional (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z d (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setSprinting (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSq (DDD)D e (DDD)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getPositionEyes (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; e (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setFire (I)V e (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V e (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setInvisible (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistance (DDD)D f (DDD)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRotationYawHead (F)V f (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getVectorForRotation (FF)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; f (FF)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/dealFireDamage (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V f (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInvisibleToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z f (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setEating (Z)V f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/addVelocity (DDD)V g (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setRenderYawOffset (F)V g (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getFlag (I)Z g (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/clientUpdateEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V g (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)F g (Lpk;)F
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAlwaysRenderNameTag (Z)V g (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isInRangeToRender3d (DDD)Z h (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setAir (I)V h (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getDistanceSqToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)D h (Lpk;)D
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setOutsideBorder (Z)V h (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V i (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/pushOutOfBlocks (DDD)Z j (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; j (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/isEntityEqual (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hitByEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z l (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/resetPositionToBB ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/copyLocationAndAnglesFrom (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V m (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/copyDataFromOld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V n (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/setCommandStats (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V o (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/Entity/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/func_151514_a ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getClassFromID (I)Ljava/lang/Class; a (I)Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityByID (ILnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (ILadm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ldn;Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;I)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/addMapping (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;III)V a (Ljava/lang/Class;Ljava/lang/String;III)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getIDFromString (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/createEntityByName (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; a (Ljava/lang/String;Ladm;)Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityID (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/isStringEntityName (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Ljava/lang/String;)Z a (Lpk;Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityNameList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getStringFromID (I)Ljava/lang/String; b (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/isStringValidEntityName (Ljava/lang/String;)Z b (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityList/getEntityString (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Ljava/lang/String; b (Lpk;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$4/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$4/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/util/EntitySelectors$ArmoredMob/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/handleWaterMovement ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getXPSplit (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/dealFireDamage (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getXpValue ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/getTextureByXP ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityXPOrb/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityFlying/isOnLadder ()Z k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updatePotionMetadata ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onKillCommand ()V G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onEntityUpdate ()V K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/kill ()V O ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnTeam (Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team;)Z a (Lauq;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionActive (Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion;)Z a (Lpe;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onNewPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V a (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onChangedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;Z)V a (Lpf;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/knockBack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FDD)V a (Lpk;FDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onItemPickup (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V a (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getEntityAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dropEquipment (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRotationYawHead ()F aC ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z aO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBreatheUnderwater ()Z aY ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onDeathUpdate ()V aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setBeenAttacked ()V ac ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isEntityAlive ()Z ai ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateRidden ()V ak ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLookVec ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; ap ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/performHurtAnimation ()V ar ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; as ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyArmorCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F b (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getActivePotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/Potion;)Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect; b (Lpe;)Lpf;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onFinishedPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V b (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/renderBrokenItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bA ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSoundPitch ()F bC ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isMovementBlocked ()Z bD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getJumpUpwardsMotion ()F bE ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/jump ()V bF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateAITick ()V bG ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/handleJumpLava ()V bH ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAIMoveSpeed ()F bI ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPlayerSleeping ()Z bJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateEntityActionState ()V bK ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V bL ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isServerWorld ()Z bM ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAbsorptionAmount ()F bN ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; bO ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/markPotionsDirty ()V bP ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canDropLoot ()Z ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPlayer ()Z bb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRNG ()Ljava/util/Random; bc ()Ljava/util/Random;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAITarget ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; bd ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getRevengeTimer ()I be ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLastAttacker ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; bf ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLastAttackerTime ()I bg ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAge ()I bh ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updatePotionEffects ()V bi ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/resetPotionEffectMetadata ()V bj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/clearActivePotions ()V bk ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getActivePotionEffects ()Ljava/util/Collection; bl ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isEntityUndead ()Z bm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHealth ()F bn ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCombatTracker ()Lnet/minecraft/util/CombatTracker; bs ()Lov;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAttackingEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; bt ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getMaxHealth ()F bu ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getArrowCountInEntity ()I bv ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/swingItem ()V bw ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateArmSwingProgress ()V bx ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getAttributeMap ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap; by ()Lqf;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/applyPotionDamageCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F c (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/addPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V c (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getLook (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d (F)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionApplicable (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Z d (Lpf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setSprinting (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRotationYawHead (F)V f (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setRenderYawOffset (F)V g (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/heal (F)V h (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/updateDistance (FF)F h (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sendEnterCombat ()V h_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setHealth (F)V i (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setJumping (Z)V i (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/sendEndCombat ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/damageArmor (F)V j (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/decreaseAirSupply (I)I j (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isChild ()Z j_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setAIMoveSpeed (F)V k (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isPotionActive (I)Z k (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/isOnLadder ()Z k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getSwingProgress (F)F l (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/removePotionEffectClient (I)V l (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setAbsorptionAmount (F)V m (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/removePotionEffect (I)V m (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getArmSwingAnimationEnd ()I n ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; n (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setArrowCountInEntity (I)V o (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; p (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/setLastAttacker (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V p (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/dismountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V q (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V s (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/canEntityBeSeen (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z t (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType; values ()[Lps$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/despawnEntity ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onEntityUpdate ()V K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEquipmentDropChance (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getArmorItemForSlot (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (II)Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canAttackClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/faceEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FF)V a (Lpk;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setLeashedToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateEquipmentIfNeeded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/func_175448_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/dropEquipment (ZI)V a (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/clearLeashed (ZZ)V a (ZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMaxFallHeight ()I aE ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; as ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateRotation (FFF)F b (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setEnchantmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V b (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bA ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateEntityActionState ()V bK ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isServerWorld ()Z bM ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I bQ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getRenderSizeModifier ()F bT ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I bV ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canBeSteered ()Z bW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/enablePersistence ()V bX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/canPickUpLoot ()Z bY ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isNoDespawnRequired ()Z bZ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getArmorPosition (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I c (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateLeashedState ()V ca ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/allowLeashing ()Z cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLeashed ()Z cc ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLeashedToEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; cd ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/isAIDisabled ()Z ce ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V d (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/updateDistance (FF)F h (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setCanPickUpLoot (Z)V j (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setAIMoveSpeed (F)V k (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setNoAI (Z)V k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/recreateLeash ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/setMoveForward (F)V n (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLookHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper; p ()Lqp;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; p (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getMoveHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper; q ()Lqq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getJumpHelper ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper; r ()Lqo;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getNavigator ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; s ()Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getEntitySenses ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses; t ()Lta;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getAttackTarget ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; u ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/eatGrassBonus ()V v ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/playLivingSound ()V x ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/spawnExplosionParticle ()V y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getCreatureClass ()Ljava/lang/Class; a ()Ljava/lang/Class;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getMaxNumberOfCreature ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getPeacefulCreature ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/getAnimal ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpt;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureType; values ()[Lpt;
net/minecraft/entity/EntitySpawnPlacementRegistry/getPlacementForEntity (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving$SpawnPlacementType; a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Lps$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; values ()[Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityOwnable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; m_ ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/setHomePosAndDistance (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/updateLeashedState ()V ca ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/hasPath ()Z cf ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isWithinHomeDistanceCurrentPosition ()Z cg ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getHomePosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; ch ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/getMaximumHomeDistance ()F ci ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/detachHome ()V cj ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/hasHome ()Z ck ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/isWithinHomeDistanceFromPosition (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature/func_142017_o (F)V o (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getDataValueId ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/setObject (Ljava/lang/Object;)V a (Ljava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/access$002 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject;Z)Z a (Lpz$a;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/setWatched (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getObject ()Ljava/lang/Object; b ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/getObjectType ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject/isWatched ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/hasObjectChanged ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectByte (I)B a (I)B
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/addObjectByDataType (II)V a (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/addObject (ILjava/lang/Object;)V a (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeTo (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Lem;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeWatchableObjectToPacketBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject;)V a (Lem;Lpz$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/updateWatchedObjectsFromList (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/writeWatchedListToPacketBuffer (Ljava/util/List;Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)V a (Ljava/util/List;Lem;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getChanged ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectShort (I)S b (I)S
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/updateObject (ILjava/lang/Object;)V b (ILjava/lang/Object;)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/readWatchedListFromPacketBuffer (Lnet/minecraft/network/PacketBuffer;)Ljava/util/List; b (Lem;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getAllWatched ()Ljava/util/List; c ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectInt (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getIsBlank ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectFloat (I)F d (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/func_111144_e ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectString (I)Ljava/lang/String; e (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectItemStack (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; f (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchableObjectRotations (I)Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; h (I)Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/setObjectWatched (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher/getWatchedObject (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/DataWatcher$WatchableObject; j (I)Lpz$a;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/func_147210_a (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanIp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/shouldAttackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setOwnerId (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; bO ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isOnSameTeam (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z c (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isTamed ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setupTamedAI ()V cm ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isSitting ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; co ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getAISit ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit; cp ()Lse;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/isOwner (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z e (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/playTameEffect (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setTamed (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/getOwner ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; m_ ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityTameable/setSitting (Z)V n (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getAttributeUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/clampValue (D)D a (D)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getDefaultValue ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/getShouldWatch ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute/func_180372_d ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; d ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; a ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/setBaseValue (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getModifiersByOperation (I)Ljava/util/Collection; a (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getModifier (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/hasModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Z a (Lqd;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getBaseValue ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/applyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V b (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/removeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V c (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/removeAllModifiers ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance/getAttributeValue ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getID ()Ljava/util/UUID; a ()Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/setSaved (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; a (Z)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getOperation ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/getAmount ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/isSaved ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getAttributeUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/setShouldWatch (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute; a (Z)Lqe;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getDefaultValue ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/getShouldWatch ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/func_180372_d ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; d ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z equals (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttribute/hashCode ()I hashCode ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAllAttributes ()Ljava/util/Collection; a ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/removeAttributeModifiers (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V a (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/func_180794_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)V a (Lqc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/applyAttributeModifiers (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V b (Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/registerAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; b (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap/func_180376_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; c (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute; a ()Lqb;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/setBaseValue (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getModifiersByOperation (I)Ljava/util/Collection; a (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getModifier (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; a (Ljava/util/UUID;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/hasModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Z a (Lqd;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getBaseValue ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/func_180375_b (I)Ljava/util/Collection; b (I)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/applyModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V b (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/func_111122_c ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/removeModifier (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)V c (Lqd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/removeAllModifiers ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/getAttributeValue ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/flagForUpdate ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance/computeValue ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; a (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/func_180794_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)V a (Lqc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceSet ()Ljava/util/Set; b ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstanceByName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/registerAttribute (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; b (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getWatchedAttributes ()Ljava/util/Collection; c ()Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/func_180376_c (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance; c (Lqb;)Lqc;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ServersideAttributeMap/getAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttribute;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/ModifiableAttributeInstance; e (Lqb;)Lqh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/clampValue (D)D a (D)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/setDescription (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lqj;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/RangedAttribute/getDescription ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/updateRenderAngles ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityBodyHelper/computeAngleWithBound (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/setJumping ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityJumpHelper/doJump ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/onUpdateLook ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/setLookPosition (DDDFF)V a (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/updateRotation (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/setLookPositionWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;FF)V a (Lpk;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getIsLooking ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosX ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosY ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityLookHelper/getLookPosZ ()D g ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/isUpdating ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/setMoveTo (DDDD)V a (DDDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/limitAngle (FFF)F a (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getSpeed ()D b ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getX ()D d ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getY ()D e ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMoveHelper/getZ ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAvoidEntity/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/hasPlayerGotBoneInHand (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBeg/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBreakDoor/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/getNearbyMate ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal; f ()Ltm;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMate/spawnBaby ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isStairOrSlab (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isSpeedBoosted ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/boostSpeed ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer/isControlledByPlayer ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/getBlockDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/block/BlockDoor; a (Lcj;)Lagh;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDoorInteract/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIEatGrass/getEatingGrassTimer ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFleeSun/findPossibleShelter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; f ()Laui;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/canCommandSenderUseCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Z a (Lm;)Z
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandBanPlayer/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISwimming/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/func_181065_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowOwner/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowParent/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/setMutexBits (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/isInterruptible ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase/getMutexBits ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/onUpdateTasks ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/addTask (ILnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase;)V a (ILrd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/removeTask (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIBase;)V a (Lrd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/canContinue (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z a (Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/areTasksCompatible (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z a (Lre$a;Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks/canUse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITasks$EntityAITaskEntry;)Z b (Lre$a;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHarvestFarmland/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILeapAtTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWatchClosest/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtTradePlayer/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/checkSufficientDoorsPresentForNewVillager ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerMate/giveBirth ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIAttackOnCollide/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveIndoors/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/doesDoorListContain (Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo;)Z a (Lte;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/findNearestDoor (Lnet/minecraft/village/Village;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; a (Ltf;)Lte;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveThroughVillage/resizeDoorList ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/getIsAboveDestination ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveToBlock/searchForDestination ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsRestriction/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIMoveTowardsTarget/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOcelotSit/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookAtVillager/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOpenDoor/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPanic/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIPlay/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAILookIdle/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/setExecutionChance (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander/makeUpdate ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandBlockData/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIArrowAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictOpenDoor/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRestrictSun/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIRunAroundLikeCrazy/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/setSitting (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAISit/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAICreeperSwell/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFollowGolem/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITempt/isRunning ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITradePlayer/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIVillagerInteract/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIDefendVillage/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/setEntityAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpy;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIHurtByTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving; a (Lsn;)Lps;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearest/getFollowRange ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving; a (Lso;)Lps;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIFindEntityNearestPlayer/maxTargetRange ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/compare (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)I a (Lpk;Lpk;)I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget$Sorter/compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I compare (Ljava/lang/Object;Ljava/lang/Object;)I
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAINearestAttackableTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITargetNonTamed/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtByTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIOwnerHurtTarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/canEasilyReach (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/isSuitableTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Z)Z a (Lpr;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/isSuitableTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLiving;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;ZZ)Z a (Lps;Lpr;ZZ)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAITarget/getTargetDistance ()D f ()D
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isSafeToStandAt (IIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;DD)Z a (IIIIIILaui;DD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setAvoidsWater (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/canNavigate ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/isPositionClear (IIIIIILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;DD)Z b (IIIIIILaui;DD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setBreakDoors (Z)V b (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setEnterDoors (Z)V c (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/removeSunnyPath ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setCanSwim (Z)V d (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getAvoidsWater ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/setAvoidSun (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getEnterDoors ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getCanSwim ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateGround/getPathablePosY ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setSpeed (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToXYZ (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (DDD)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/tryMoveToXYZ (DDDD)Z a (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setHeightRequirement (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/setPath (Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity;D)Z a (Lasx;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/checkForStuck (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)V a (Laui;)V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lcj;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lpk;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/tryMoveToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Z a (Lpk;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/canNavigate ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/removeSunnyPath ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPathSearchRange ()F i ()F
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/getPath ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; j ()Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/onUpdateNavigation ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/pathFollow ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/noPath ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/clearPathEntity ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate/isInLiquid ()Z o ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/getPathToPos (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lcj;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/getPathToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathEntity; a (Lpk;)Lasx;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/tryMoveToEntityLiving (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Z a (Lpk;D)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateClimber/onUpdateNavigation ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/getPathFinder ()Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathFinder; a ()Lasy;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/isDirectPathBetweenPoints (Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;III)Z a (Laui;Laui;III)Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/canNavigate ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/getEntityPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c ()Laui;
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/removeSunnyPath ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigateSwimmer/pathFollow ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClearInventory/func_147209_d ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/clearSensingCache ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntitySenses/canSee (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;II)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpy;II)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlockTowards (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlockAwayFrom (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; b (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/RandomPositionGenerator/findRandomTargetBlock (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;IILnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; c (Lpy;IILaui;)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/resetDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/func_179849_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getFaceDirection (II)Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; a (II)Lcq;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceToDoorBlockSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I a (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/setIsDetachedFromVillageFlag (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/incrementDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceSquared (III)I b (III)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDistanceToInsideBlockSq (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)I b (Lcj;)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDoorOpeningRestrictionCounter ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/func_179850_c (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z c (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getDoorBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; d ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideBlockPos ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; e ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideOffsetX ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsideOffsetZ ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getInsidePosY ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo/getIsDetachedFromVillageFlag ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/getCenter ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/village/Village/tick (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/setWorld (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179866_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179862_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lcj;III)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/Village/func_179861_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lcj;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/readVillageDataFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getReputationForPlayer (Ljava/lang/String;)I a (Ljava/lang/String;)I
net/minecraft/village/Village/setReputationForPlayer (Ljava/lang/String;I)I a (Ljava/lang/String;I)I
net/minecraft/village/Village/addOrRenewAgressor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/addVillageDoorInfo (Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo;)V a (Lte;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getVillageRadius ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/setDefaultPlayerReputation (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNearestDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; b (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/writeVillageDataToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/Village/findNearestVillageAggressor (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; b (Lpr;)Lpr;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNumVillageDoors ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/getDoorInfo (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; c (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNearestTargetPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; c (Lpr;)Lwn;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getTicksSinceLastDoorAdding ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/isPlayerReputationTooLow (Ljava/lang/String;)Z d (Ljava/lang/String;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/getNumVillagers ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/village/Village/getExistedDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; e (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/Village/getVillageDoorInfoList ()Ljava/util/List; f ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/village/Village/isWoodDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/isAnnihilated ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/endMatingSeason ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/isMatingSeason ()Z i ()Z
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateNumIronGolems ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateNumVillagers ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/removeDeadAndOldAgressors ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/removeDeadAndOutOfRangeDoors ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/village/Village/updateVillageRadiusAndCenter ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/tick ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/func_179867_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (Lcj;)Laui;
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/func_75529_b ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageSiege/spawnZombie ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/tick ()V a ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/setWorldsForAll (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)V a (Ladm;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/fileNameForProvider (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldProvider;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lanm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addToVillagerPositionList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/getNearestVillage (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)Lnet/minecraft/village/Village; a (Lcj;I)Ltf;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/countBlocksCanSeeSky (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;I)I a (Lcj;Lcq;I)I
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/getVillageList ()Ljava/util/List; b ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addDoorsAround (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V b (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/checkDoorExistence (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/village/VillageDoorInfo; c (Lcj;)Lte;
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addToNewDoorsList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V d (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/removeAnnihilatedVillages ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/positionInList (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z e (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/dropOldestVillagerPosition ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/isWoodDoor (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z f (Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/village/VillageCollection/addNewDoorsToVillageOrCreateVillage ()V g ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAmbientCreature/allowLeashing ()Z cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/isDateAroundHalloween (Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z a (Ljava/util/Calendar;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/setIsBatHanging (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/doesEntityNotTriggerPressurePlate ()Z aI ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getSoundPitch ()F bC ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V bL ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getIsBatHanging ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V s (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityBat/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z a (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/consumeItemFromStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/setInLove (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getPlayerInLove ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; cq ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/isInLove ()Z cr ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/resetInLove ()V cs ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/updateRiderPosition ()V al ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken; b (Lph;)Ltn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/isChickenJockey ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/setChickenJockey (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityChicken/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow; b (Lph;)Lto;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onInventoryChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic;)V a (Loq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getClosestHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;D)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse; a (Lpk;D)Ltp;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropItemsInChest (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/AnimalChest;)V a (Lpk;Lxj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z a (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isArmorItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setScaleForAge (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/updateRiderPosition ()V al ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setOwnerId (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isMovementBlocked ()Z bD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I bV ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseWatchableBoolean (IZ)V c (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isBreeding ()Z cA ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHasReproduced ()Z cB ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTemper ()I cC ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/prepareChunkForSpawn ()Z cD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropChests ()V cE ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseJumpStrength ()D cF ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isHorseSaddled ()Z cG ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getAngrySoundName ()Ljava/lang/String; cH ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMaxTemper ()I cI ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110239_cn ()Z cJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_175507_cI ()Z cK ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; cL ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getVariantTexturePaths ()[Ljava/lang/String; cM ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canWearArmor ()Z cO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canCarryChest ()Z cP ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isUndead ()Z cR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isSterile ()Z cS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/makeHorseRearWithSound ()V cW ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/dropChestItems ()V cX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110266_cB ()V cY ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getChestSize ()I cZ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/allowLeashing ()Z cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseType ()I cl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseVariant ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isAdultHorse ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isTame ()Z co ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110253_bW ()Z cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getOwnerId ()Ljava/lang/String; ct ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseSize ()F cu ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isHorseJumping ()Z cv ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isChested ()Z cw ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseArmorIndexSynced ()I cx ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isEatingHaystack ()Z cy ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isRearing ()Z cz ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/initHorseChest ()V da ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/updateHorseSlots ()V db ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/resetTexturePrefix ()V dc ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseTexturePaths ()V dd ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_110210_cH ()V de ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openHorseMouth ()V df ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/canMate ()Z dg ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/makeHorseRear ()V dh ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedMaxHealth ()F di ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedJumpStrength ()D dj ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getModifiedMovementSpeed ()D dk ()D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseArmorStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V e (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseArmorIndex (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I f (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setEating (Z)V f (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/openGUI (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V g (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setTamedBy (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z h (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/mountTo (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V i (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/isOnLadder ()Z k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseTamed (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseJumping (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setBreeding (Z)V n (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/func_142017_o (F)V o (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setChested (Z)V o (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getGrassEatingAmount (F)F p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHasReproduced (Z)V p (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getRearingAmount (F)F q (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseSaddled (Z)V q (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getMouthOpennessAngle (F)F r (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseType (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setEatingHaystack (Z)V r (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setHorseVariant (I)V s (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setRearing (Z)V s (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setTemper (I)V t (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/spawnHorseParticles (Z)V t (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/increaseTemper (I)I u (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/setJumpPower (I)V v (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getHorseWatchableBoolean (I)Z w (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGolem/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityCow; b (Lph;)Lto;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityMooshroom; c (Lph;)Ltr;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z a (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot; b (Lph;)Lts;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setupTamedAI ()V cm ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getTameSkin ()I ct ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setTamed (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/setTameSkin (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityOcelot/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig; b (Lph;)Ltt;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/canBeSteered ()Z bW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getSaddled ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getAIControlledByPlayer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIControlledByPlayer; cm ()Lqw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/setSaddled (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityPig/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIEvilAttack/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/getSpeed ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/func_180074_b ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/getDuration ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/func_180073_d ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType; values ()[Ltu$b;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIAvoidEntity/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/func_180066_a (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/doJump ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/getIsJumping ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitJumpHelper/func_180065_d ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$RabbitMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIPanic/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/shouldMoveTo (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$AIRaidFarm/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/spawnRunningParticles ()V Y ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/calculateRotationYaw (DD)V a (DD)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setMoveType (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V a (Ltu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit;)Z a (Ltu;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isRabbitBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setJumping (ZLnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V a (ZLtu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setMovementSpeed (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit; b (Lph;)Ltu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/doMovementAction (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit$EnumMoveType;)V b (Ltu$b;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getJumpUpwardsMotion ()F bE ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175523_cj ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getJumpingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; cm ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getRabbitType ()I cn ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getMoveTypeDuration ()I co ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/createEatingParticles ()V cp ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175518_cr ()V ct ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175520_cs ()V cu ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/updateMoveTypeDuration ()V cv ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175517_cu ()V cw ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isCarrotEaten ()Z cx ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/func_175521_o (F)F p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/setRabbitType (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityRabbit/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep$1/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getRandomSheepColor (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDyeColorMixFromParents (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; a (Ltm;Ltm;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDyeRgb (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)[F a (Lzd;)[F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep; b (Lph;)Ltv;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/setFleeceColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)V b (Lzd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getFleeceColor ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; cl ()Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getSheared ()Z cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/setSheared (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHeadRotationPointY (F)F p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getHeadRotationAngleX (F)F q (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/eatGrassBonus ()V v ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySheep/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySnowman/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid$AIMoveRandom/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/isInWater ()Z V ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid;)Z a (Ltx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/func_175568_b (FFF)V b (FFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/func_175567_n ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntitySquid/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper;)D a (Lty$a;)D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem$AINearestAttackableTargetNonCreeper;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Z)Z a (Lty$a;Lpr;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/canAttackClass (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z a (Ljava/lang/Class;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/setHoldingRose (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getAttackTimer ()I cl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getHoldRoseTick ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/isPlayerCreated ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/decreaseAirSupply (I)I j (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/setPlayerCreated (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/getVillage ()Lnet/minecraft/village/Village; n ()Ltf;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityIronGolem/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V s (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/onEntityUpdate ()V K ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/isPushedByWater ()Z aL ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/canBreatheUnderwater ()Z aY ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWaterMob/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandClone/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/shouldAttackEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/canMateWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityAnimal;)Z a (Ltm;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setCollarColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor;)V a (Lzd;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf; b (Lph;)Lua;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I bQ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I bV ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/allowLeashing ()Z cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isWolfWet ()Z ct ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getTailRotation ()F cu ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isAngry ()Z cv ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getCollarColor ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; cw ()Lzd;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isBegging ()Z cx ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V d (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/isBreedingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getShakeAngle (FF)F i (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setTamed (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setAngry (Z)V o (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getShadingWhileWet (F)F p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/setBegging (Z)V p (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getInterestedAngle (F)F q (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityWolf/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getHealth ()F bn ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getMaxHealth ()F bu ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/IBossDisplayData/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/IEntityMultiPart/attackEntityFromPart (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Lue;Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart/isEntityEqual (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z k (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderCrystal/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/despawnEntity ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onKillCommand ()V G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/generatePortal (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/collideWithEntities (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntityFromPart (Lnet/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragonPart;Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Lue;Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getParts ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; aB ()[Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onDeathUpdate ()V aZ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/simplifyAngle (D)F b (D)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getMovementOffsets (IF)[D b (IF)[D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/destroyBlocksInAABB (Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB;)Z b (Laug;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackEntitiesInList (Ljava/util/List;)V b (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/setNewTarget ()V cf ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/attackDragonFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z e (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/updateDragonEnderCrystal ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityDragon/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/despawnEntity ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82207_a (I)F a (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/launchWitherSkullToCoords (IDDDZ)V a (IDDDZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/launchWitherSkullToEntity (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (ILpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/canDestroyBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/mountEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/setInWeb ()V aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82204_b (FFF)F b (FFF)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82210_r (I)F b (I)F
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/updateWatchedTargetId (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/addPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)V c (Lpf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getInvulTime ()I cl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/isArmored ()Z cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82206_m ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/setInvulTime (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getWatchedTargetId (I)I s (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82214_u (I)D t (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82208_v (I)D u (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/func_82213_w (I)D v (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/boss/EntityWither/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/playParticles ()V A ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/updatePotionMetadata ()V B ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/dropBlock ()V C ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/dropContents ()V D ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/onKillCommand ()V G ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/damageArmorStand (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setHeadRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V a (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/func_175422_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V a (Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/interactAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3;)Z a (Lwn;Laui;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/func_181550_a (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isImmuneToExplosions ()Z aW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; as ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setBodyRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V b (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bA ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/collideWithNearbyEntities ()V bL ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isServerWorld ()Z bM ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setLeftArmRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V c (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setRightArmRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V d (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setLeftLegRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V e (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setInvisible (Z)V e (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setRightLegRotation (Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations;)V f (Ldc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/updateDistance (FF)F h (FF)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/writePoseToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V h (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setSmall (Z)V j (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isChild ()Z j_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setNoGravity (Z)V k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setShowArms (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setNoBasePlate (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/isSmall ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/setMarker (Z)V n (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasNoGravity ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; p (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getShowArms ()Z q ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasNoBasePlate ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/hasMarker ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/collideWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V s (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getHeadRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; t ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getBodyRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; u ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getLeftArmRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; v ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getRightArmRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; w ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getLeftLegRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; x ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/getRightLegRotation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Rotations; y ()Ldc;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand/readPoseFromNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; z ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/func_174858_a (I)D a (I)D
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/updateFacingWithBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHorizontalFacing ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing; aP ()Lcq;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/shouldSetPosAfterLoading ()Z af ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/setPosition (DDD)V b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/moveEntity (DDD)V d (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/addVelocity (DDD)V g (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onValidSurface ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getWidthPixels ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/hitByEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z l (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHeightPixels ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/getHangingPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; n ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/updateBoundingBox ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setItemRotation (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/func_174865_a (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/dropItemOrSelf (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;Z)V a (Lpk;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setDisplayedItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/setDisplayedItemWithUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)V a (Lzx;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getCollisionBorderSize ()F ao ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/removeFrameFromMap (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getWidthPixels ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getHeightPixels ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getDisplayedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; o ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/getRotation ()I p ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame/func_174866_q ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/createKnot (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot; a (Ladm;Lcj;)Lup;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/updateFacingWithBoundingBox (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getKnotForPosition (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot; b (Ladm;Lcj;)Lup;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/writeToNBTOptional (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z d (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/onValidSurface ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getWidthPixels ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityLeashKnot/getHeightPixels ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Luq$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting$EnumArt; values ()[Luq$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/setLocationAndAngles (DDDFF)V b (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/onBroken (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/getWidthPixels ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityPainting/getHeightPixels ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/handleHookCasting (DDDFF)V c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/func_174855_j ()Ljava/util/List; j ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/handleHookRetraction ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/getFishingResult ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; m ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFishHook/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/setEnchantable ()Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable; a ()Lus;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/setMaxDamagePercent (F)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable; a (F)Lus;
net/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomFishable/getItemStack (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Ljava/util/Random;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; S ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/updateFallState (DZLnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (DZLafh;Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setDamageTaken (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setTimeSinceHit (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setIsBoatEmpty (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/updateRiderPosition ()V al ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getMountedYOffset ()D an ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/performHurtAnimation ()V ar ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setForwardDirection (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getDamageTaken ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; j (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getTimeSinceHit ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/getForwardDirection ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityBoat/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/addEntityCrashInfo (Lnet/minecraft/crash/CrashReportCategory;)V a (Lc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/setHurtEntities (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canRenderOnFire ()Z aJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/getWorldObj ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; j ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; l ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFallingBlock/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/handleWaterMovement ()Z W ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setPickupDelay (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/combineItems (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)Z a (Luz;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setEntityItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setOwner (Ljava/lang/String;)V b (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/travelToDimension (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setThrower (Ljava/lang/String;)V c (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/dealFireDamage (I)V f (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setAgeToCreativeDespawnTime ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getEntityItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; l ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getOwner ()Ljava/lang/String; m ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getThrower ()Ljava/lang/String; n ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/getAge ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setDefaultPickupDelay ()V p ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setNoPickupDelay ()V q ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setInfinitePickupDelay ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/cannotPickup ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/setNoDespawn ()V u ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/func_174870_v ()V v ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem/searchForOtherItemsNearby ()V w ()V
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandCompare/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/getNetworkID ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/byNetworkID (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; a (I)Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; values ()[Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCollisionBoundingBox ()Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; S ()Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_70495_a (DDDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; a (DDDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDamage (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;DDDLnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart; a (Ladm;DDDLva$a;)Lva;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_174899_a (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_180460_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setCustomNameTag (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setHasDisplayTile (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCustomNameTag ()Ljava/lang/String; aM ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canBePushed ()Z ae ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMountedYOffset ()D an ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/performHurtAnimation ()V ar ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setPosition (DDD)V b (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V i (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setRollingAmplitude (I)V j (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getCollisionBox (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Lnet/minecraft/util/AxisAlignedBB; j (Lpk;)Laug;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/func_70489_a (DDD)Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; k (DDD)Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setRollingDirection (I)V k (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/setDisplayTileOffset (I)V l (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMaximumSpeed ()D m ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/moveDerailedMinecart ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/applyDrag ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDamage ()F p ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getRollingAmplitude ()I q ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getRollingDirection ()I r ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; t ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDisplayTileOffset ()I v ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart/hasDisplayTile ()Z x ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartChest/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/func_145757_a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V a (Lio/netty/buffer/ByteBuf;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; c ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getPositionVector ()Lnet/minecraft/util/Vec3; d ()Laui;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getEntityWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; e ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/getCommandSenderEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity; f ()Lpk;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/updateCommand ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock$1/func_145751_f ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getCommandBlockLogic ()Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic; j ()Ladc;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/EntityMinecartCommandBlock/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setLockCode (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)V a (Lon;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/travelToDimension (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getLockCode ()Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode; i ()Lon;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/applyDrag ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartContainer/isLocked ()Z r_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/func_180460_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lcj;Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/setMinecartPowered (Z)V i (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/isMinecartPowered ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getMaximumSpeed ()D m ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/applyDrag ()V o ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartFurnace/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getXPos ()D A ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getYPos ()D B ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getZPos ()D C ()D
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/func_96112_aD ()Z D ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/canTransfer ()Z E ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/createContainer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container; a (Lwm;Lwn;)Lxi;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/setBlocked (Z)V i (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getGuiID ()Ljava/lang/String; k ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/setTransferTicker (I)V m (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getDefaultDisplayTileOffset ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getBlocked ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartHopper/getWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; z ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/interactFirst (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z e (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartEmpty/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerWorld ()Lnet/minecraft/world/World; a ()Ladm;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/func_98267_a (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner$1/getSpawnerPosition ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; b ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/func_98039_d ()Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/MobSpawnerBaseLogic; j ()Ladd;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityMinecartMobSpawner/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/onActivatorRailPass (IIIZ)V a (IIIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/verifyExplosion (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;F)Z a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/killMinecart (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/explodeCart (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/ignite ()V j ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getFuseTicks ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getMinecartType ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecart$EnumMinecartType; s ()Lva$a;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/getDefaultDisplayTile ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; u ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityMinecartTNT/isIgnited ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/getTntPlacedBy ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; j ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/explode ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityTNTPrimed/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze$AIFireballAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/setOnFire (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/isBurning ()Z at ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/func_70845_n ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/isValidLightLevel ()Z n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityBlaze/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCaveSpider/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getCreeperFlashIntensity (F)F a (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/setCreeperState (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getMaxFallHeight ()I aE ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getCreeperState ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/hasIgnited ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/ignite ()V co ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/isAIEnabled ()Z cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/func_175493_co ()V cq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/explode ()V cr ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/getPowered ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityCreeper/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite;)Z a (Lvp;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/func_179474_a (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lafh;Lafh;Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIPlaceBlock/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AIFindPlayer/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman$AITakeBlock/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/setHeldBlockState (Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)V a (Lalz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lvo;Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$202 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman;Z)Z a (Lvo;Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/setScreaming (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportToEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z b (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/shouldAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getHeldBlockState ()Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState; cm ()Lalz;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/isScreaming ()Z co ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$000 ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; cp ()Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/access$300 ()Ljava/util/Set; cq ()Ljava/util/Set;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportTo (DDD)Z k (DDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/teleportRandomly ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEnderman/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/setSpawnedByPlayer (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/isSpawnedByPlayer ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/isValidLightLevel ()Z n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityEndermite/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z a (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/IMob$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AILookAround/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/isNotColliding (DDDD)Z b (DDDD)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$GhastMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIFireballAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast$AIRandomFly/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/setAttacking (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getMaxSpawnedInChunk ()I bV ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getFireballStrength ()I cf ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/isAttacking ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGhast/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGiantZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayerMP;)Z a (Llf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/resetTask ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$AIGuardianAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/apply (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianTargetSelector/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian$GuardianMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175471_a (F)F a (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isSyncedFlagSet (I)Z a (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setSyncedFlag (IZ)V a (IZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/EntityAIWander; a (Lvt;)Lrz;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;I)V a (Lvt;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/access$200 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian;Z)V a (Lvt;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setElder (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setTargetedEntity (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I bQ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175464_ck ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isElder ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/setElder ()V co ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/hasTargetedEntity ()Z cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getTargetedEntity ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; cq ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175476_l (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175472_n ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/isValidLightLevel ()Z n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175469_o (F)F p (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/func_175477_p (F)F q (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getTalkInterval ()I w ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityGuardian/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/isBurning ()Z at ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/jump ()V bF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/handleJumpLava ()V bH ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/createInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime; cf ()Lwb;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getJumpDelay ()I cg ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/alterSquishAmount ()V ch ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/canDamagePlayer ()Z ci ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getAttackStrength ()I cj ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getJumpSound ()Ljava/lang/String; ck ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/makesSoundOnLand ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMagmaCube/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; n ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; P ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; aa ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/canDropLoot ()Z ba ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; n (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/isValidLightLevel ()Z n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityMob/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AITargetAggressor/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie$AIHurtByAggressor/setEntityAttackTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityCreature;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpy;Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V a (Lvw;Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/becomeAngryAt (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/isNotColliding ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/isAngry ()Z cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/applyEntityAI ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityPigZombie/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/IRangedAttackMob/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/readAttributeModifierFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier; a (Ldn;)Lqd;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeAttributeInstanceToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Lqc;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/applyModifiersToAttributeInstance (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/IAttributeInstance;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Lqc;Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeAttributeModifierToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/AttributeModifier;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Lqd;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/writeBaseAttributeMapToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a (Lqf;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/SharedMonsterAttributes/setAttributeModifiers (Lnet/minecraft/entity/ai/attributes/BaseAttributeMap;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V a (Lqf;Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AIHideInStone/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish$AISummonSilverfish/func_179462_f ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getBlockPathWeight (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)F a (Lcj;)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getYOffset ()D am ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/isValidLightLevel ()Z n_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySilverfish/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/server/CommandDeOp/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setSkeletonType (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/updateRidden ()V ak ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getYOffset ()D am ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getSkeletonType ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/setCombatTask ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySkeleton/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/startExecuting ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeAttack/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFloat/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeHop/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/setSpeed (D)V a (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/func_179920_a (FZ)V a (FZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$SlimeMoveHelper/onUpdateMoveHelper ()V c ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime$AISlimeFaceRandom/updateTask ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/setSlimeSize (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getSoundVolume ()F bB ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/jump ()V bF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getVerticalFaceSpeed ()I bQ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getCanSpawnHere ()Z bR ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/createInstance ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime; cf ()Lwb;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getJumpDelay ()I cg ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/alterSquishAmount ()V ch ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/canDamagePlayer ()Z ci ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getAttackStrength ()I cj ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getJumpSound ()Ljava/lang/String; ck ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/makesSoundOnLand ()Z cl ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getSlimeSize ()I cm ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/makesSoundOnJump ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/func_175451_e (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V e (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onDataWatcherUpdate (I)V i (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/applyEntityCollision (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V i (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/getParticleType ()Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes; n ()Lcy;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySlime/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack/func_179512_a (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)D a (Lpr;)D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderAttack/continueExecuting ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$GroupData/func_111104_a (Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider$AISpiderTarget/shouldExecute ()Z a ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/setBesideClimbableBlock (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/setInWeb ()V aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getMountedYOffset ()D an ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getNewNavigator (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;)Lnet/minecraft/pathfinding/PathNavigate; b (Ladm;)Lsw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isPotionApplicable (Lnet/minecraft/potion/PotionEffect;)Z d (Lpf;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isOnLadder ()Z k_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/isBesideClimbableBlock ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntitySpider/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/attackEntityWithRangedAttack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;F)V a (Lpr;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/setAggressive (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/dropFewItems (ZI)V b (ZI)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/applyPotionDamageCalculations (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)F c (Low;F)F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getAggressive ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityWitch/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getDropItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; A ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/multiplySize (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setSize (FF)V a (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/startConversion (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/playStepSound (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Lcj;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setEquipmentBasedOnDifficulty (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;)V a (Lok;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/func_175448_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setBreakDoorsAItask (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getYOffset ()D am ()D
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/addRandomDrop ()V bq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getCreatureAttribute ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EnumCreatureAttribute; bz ()Lpw;
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isBreakDoorsTaskSet ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isVillager ()Z co ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isConverting ()Z cp ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/convertToVillager ()V cq ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getConversionTimeBoost ()I cr ()I
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/isChild ()Z j_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setChild (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setVillager (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/applyEntityAI ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/setChildSize (Z)V n (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/attackEntityAsMob (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z r (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/monster/EntityZombie/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; b_ (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/NpcMerchant/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; v_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$EmeraldForItems/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedBookForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListEnchantedItemForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ItemAndEmeraldToItem/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ListItemForEmeralds/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$ITradeList/modifyMerchantRecipeList (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lada;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager$PriceInfo/getPrice (Ljava/util/Random;)I a (Ljava/util/Random;)I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canDespawn ()Z C ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/updateAITasks ()V E ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/useRecipe (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;)V a (Lacz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList;)V a (Lada;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/spawnParticles (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumParticleTypes;)V a (Lcy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onInitialSpawn (Lnet/minecraft/world/DifficultyInstance;Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/IEntityLivingData; a (Lok;Lpu;)Lpu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable; a (Lph;)Lph;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onStruckByLightning (Lnet/minecraft/entity/effect/EntityLightningBolt;)V a (Luv;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/updateEquipmentIfNeeded (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/interact (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canVillagerPickupItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setCustomer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a_ (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/verifySellingItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a_ (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/createChild (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityAgeable;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager; b (Lph;)Lwi;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setRevengeTarget (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V b (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getRecipes (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipeList; b_ (Lwn;)Lada;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/allowLeashing ()Z cb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getProfession ()I cl ()I
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isMating ()Z cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isPlaying ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isTrading ()Z co ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setLookingForHome ()V cp ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getVillagerInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryBasic; cq ()Loq;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/func_175553_cp ()Z cr ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/canAbondonItems ()Z cs ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/func_175557_cr ()Z ct ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/isFarmItemInInventory ()Z cu ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setAdditionalAItasks ()V cv ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/populateBuyingList ()V cw ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setMating (Z)V l (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setPlaying (Z)V m (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/onGrowingAdult ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getIsWillingToMate (Z)Z n (Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setIsWillingToMate (Z)V o (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/setProfession (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/hasEnoughItems (I)Z s (I)Z
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getCustomer ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer; v_ ()Lwn;
net/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityVillager/getLivingSound ()Ljava/lang/String; z ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/getFlySpeed ()F a ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/setFlySpeed (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/writeCapabilitiesToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/getWalkSpeed ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/setPlayerWalkSpeed (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/PlayerCapabilities/readCapabilitiesFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer$1/call ()Ljava/lang/Object; call ()Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/damageArmor (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; a (Ldu;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/consumeInventoryItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z a (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventorySlotContainItemAndDamage (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;I)I a (Lzw;I)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/clearMatchingItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IILnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)I a (Lzw;IILdn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;IZZ)V a (Lzw;IZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/addItemStackToInventory (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/canHeldItemHarvest (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V b (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/copyInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;)V b (Lwm;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Z b (Lzw;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/setItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V b (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventorySlotContainItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)I c (Lzw;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z c (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/changeCurrentItem (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/storeItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/armorItemInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; e (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/storePartialItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I e (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getCurrentItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; h ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getHotbarSize ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getFirstEmptyStack ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/decrementAnimations ()V k ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getTotalArmorValue ()I m ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/dropAllItems ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; p ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; values ()[Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getChatVisibility ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getEnumChatVisibility (I)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; a (I)Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/getResourceKey ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumChatVisibility; values ()[Lwn$b;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/preparePlayerToSpawn ()V I ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setDead ()V J ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getMaxInPortalTime ()I L ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSwimSound ()Ljava/lang/String; P ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/resetHeight ()V X ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExhaustion (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExperienceLevel (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayVillagerTradeGui (Lnet/minecraft/entity/IMerchant;)V a (Lacy;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openEditCommandBlock (Lnet/minecraft/command/server/CommandBlockLogic;)V a (Ladc;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedSpawnLocation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; a (Ladm;Lcj;Z)Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getToolDigEfficiency (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/openEditSign (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntitySign;)V a (Laln;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/trySleep (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer$EnumStatus; a (Lcj;)Lwn$a;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canPlayerEdit (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lcj;Lcq;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setSpawnPoint (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Z)V a (Lcj;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getUUID (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/UUID; a (Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175139_a (Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)V a (Lcq;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/playSound (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V a (Ljava/lang/String;FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175145_a (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V a (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addStat (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;I)V a (Lmw;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIChest (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGui (Lnet/minecraft/world/IInteractionObject;)V a (Lol;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canOpen (Lnet/minecraft/world/LockCode;)Z a (Lon;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onDeath (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;)V a (Low;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onKillEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (Lpr;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIHorse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/passive/EntityHorse;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Ltp;Log;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/joinEntityItemWithWorld (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem;)V a (Luz;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canAttackPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/clonePlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isWearing (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts;)Z a (Lwo;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/displayGUIBook (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setItemInUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropPlayerItemWithRandomChoice (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Lzx;Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;ZZ)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Lzx;ZZ)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/dropOneItem (Z)Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItem; a (Z)Luz;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/wakeUpPlayer (ZZZ)V a (ZZZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setInWeb ()V aA ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPushedByWater ()Z aL ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAlwaysRenderNameTagForRender ()Z aO ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/applyEntityAttributes ()V aX ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSplashSound ()Ljava/lang/String; aa ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isEntityInsideOpaqueBlock ()Z aj ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateRidden ()V ak ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getYOffset ()D am ()D
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getPortalCooldown ()I aq ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getInventory ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; as ()[Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/removeExperienceLevel (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addChatComponentMessage (Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent;)V b (Leu;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getOfflineUUID (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/UUID; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/util/UUID;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/triggerAchievement (Lnet/minecraft/stats/StatBase;)V b (Lmw;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onCriticalHit (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V b (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addToPlayerScore (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;I)V b (Lpk;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getExperiencePoints (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)I b (Lwn;)I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V b (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getHeldItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bA ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isMovementBlocked ()Z bD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/jump ()V bF ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAIMoveSpeed ()F bI ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayerSleeping ()Z bJ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/updateEntityActionState ()V bK ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getAbsorptionAmount ()F bN ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getTeam ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Team; bO ()Lauq;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUse ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bQ ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUseCount ()I bR ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isUsingItem ()Z bS ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getItemInUseDuration ()I bT ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/stopUsingItem ()V bU ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/clearItemInUse ()V bV ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isBlocking ()Z bW ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getScore ()I bX ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getArmorVisibility ()F bY ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getCurrentEquippedItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; bZ ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayer ()Z bb ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getHurtSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bo ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getDeathSound ()Ljava/lang/String; bp ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getTotalArmorValue ()I br ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setCurrentItemOrArmor (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onEnchantmentCritical (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V c (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/destroyCurrentEquippedItem ()V ca ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/respawnPlayer ()V cb ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isUser ()Z cc ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getGameProfile ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile; cd ()Lcom/mojang/authlib/GameProfile;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedOrientationInDegrees ()F ce ()F
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isPlayerFullyAsleep ()Z cf ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getSleepTimer ()I cg ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getBedLocation ()Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos; ch ()Lcj;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isSpawnForced ()Z ci ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getXPSeed ()I cj ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/xpBarCap ()I ck ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getFoodStats ()Lnet/minecraft/util/FoodStats; cl ()Lxg;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/shouldHeal ()Z cm ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isAllowEdit ()Z cn ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getInventoryEnderChest ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest; co ()Lyd;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getWorldScoreboard ()Lnet/minecraft/scoreboard/Scoreboard; cp ()Lauo;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/hasReducedDebug ()Z cq ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/replaceItemInInventory (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/damageEntity (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)V d (Low;F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/collideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V d (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/fall (FF)V e (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/func_175137_e (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Ljava/util/Collection; e (Lpk;)Ljava/util/Collection;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/attackTargetEntityWithCurrentItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)V f (Lpk;)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isInvisibleToPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z f (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/moveEntityWithHeading (FF)V g (FF)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/damageArmor (F)V j (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canEat (Z)Z j (Z)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addMovementStat (DDD)V k (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setReducedDebug (Z)V k (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addMountedMovementStat (DDD)V l (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onLivingUpdate ()V m ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setAbsorptionAmount (F)V m (F)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/closeScreen ()V n ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getFallSoundString (I)Ljava/lang/String; n (I)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isInBed ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getEquipmentInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; p (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/getCurrentArmor (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; q (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/setScore (I)V r (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onItemUseFinish ()V s ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addScore (I)V s (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sendPlayerAbilities ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/addExperience (I)V u (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/interactWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;)Z u (Lpk;)Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/sendCommandFeedback ()Z u_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer/isSpectator ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartMask ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartId ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/getPartName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/func_179326_d ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; d ()Leu;
net/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EnumPlayerModelParts; values ()[Lwo;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setPositionAndRotation2 (DDDFFIZ)V a (DDDFFIZ)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setKnockbackStrength (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setIsCritical (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getEyeHeight ()F aS ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setDamage (D)V b (D)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/onCollideWithPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getDamage ()D j ()D
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/getIsCritical ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/canTriggerWalking ()Z s_ ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityArrow/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/moveTowards (Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)V a (Lcj;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderEye/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getCollisionBorderSize ()F ao ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/getMotionFactor ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityFireball/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/handleStatusUpdate (B)V a (B)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/canAttackWithItem ()Z aD ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/getBrightnessForRender (F)I b (F)I
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/getBrightness (F)F c (F)F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityFireworkRocket/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityLargeFireball/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/IProjectile/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySmallFireball/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntitySnowball/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/isInRangeToRenderDist (D)Z a (D)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/setThrowableHeading (DDDFF)V c (DDDFF)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/setVelocity (DDD)V i (DDD)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getVelocity ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getInaccuracy ()F l ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getGravityVelocity ()F m ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/getThrower ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase; n ()Lpr;
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityThrowable/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityEgg/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/func_147202_a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/StringBuilder;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/saveProfileResults (JI)V a (JI)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getProfileResults (JI)Ljava/lang/String; b (JI)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDebug/getWittyComment ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityEnderPearl/onUpdate ()V t_ ()V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getVelocity ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getInaccuracy ()F l ()F
net/minecraft/entity/item/EntityExpBottle/getGravityVelocity ()F m ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/setPotionDamage (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/readEntityFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/writeEntityToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getVelocity ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getInaccuracy ()F l ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getGravityVelocity ()F m ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityPotion/getPotionDamage ()I o ()I
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/getExplosionResistance (Lnet/minecraft/world/Explosion;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)F a (Ladi;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/onImpact (Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition;)V a (Lauh;)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/attackEntityFrom (Lnet/minecraft/util/DamageSource;F)Z a (Low;F)Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/setInvulnerable (Z)V a (Z)V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/canBeCollidedWith ()Z ad ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/isBurning ()Z at ()Z
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/entityInit ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/getMotionFactor ()F j ()F
net/minecraft/entity/projectile/EntityWitherSkull/isInvulnerable ()Z l ()Z
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getFoodLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addExhaustion (F)V a (F)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/setFoodLevel (I)V a (I)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addStats (IF)V a (IF)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/readNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V a (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/addStats (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzs;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getPrevFoodLevel ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/setFoodSaturationLevel (F)V b (F)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/writeNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V b (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/needFood ()Z c ()Z
net/minecraft/util/FoodStats/getSaturationLevel ()F e ()F
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getInventory ()Ljava/util/List; a ()Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; a (I)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/slotClick (IIILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (IIILwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/retrySlotClick (IIZLnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (IIZLwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/isValidDragMode (ILnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (ILwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/putStackInSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/calcRedstone (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntity;)I a (Lakw;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/computeStackSize (Ljava/util/Set;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Ljava/util/Set;ILzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getSlotFromInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; a (Log;I)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getNextTransactionID (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/InventoryPlayer;)S a (Lwm;)S
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/enchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Z a (Lwn;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/setCanCraft (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)V a (Lwn;Z)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/addSlotToContainer (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot; a (Lyg;)Lyg;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canAddItemToSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Z)Z a (Lyg;Lzx;Z)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/mergeItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;IIZ)Z a (Lzx;IIZ)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/putStacksInSlots ([Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a ([Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/detectAndSendChanges ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/extractDragMode (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/calcRedstoneFromInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)I b (Log;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/removeCraftingFromCrafters (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V b (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/canDragIntoSlot (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z b (Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getDragEvent (I)I c (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/getCanCraft (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z c (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/resetDrag ()V d ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/Container/func_94534_d (II)I d (II)I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$1/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/canTakeStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateItemName (Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/access$000 (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair;)Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; a (Lxk;)Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/access$100 (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair;)I b (Lxk;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerRepair/updateRepairOutput ()V e ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon$BeaconSlot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBeacon/func_180611_e ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; e ()Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Ingredient/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand$Potion/canHoldPotion (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/detectAndSendChanges ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerBrewingStand/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendProgressBarUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;II)V a (Lxi;II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendSlotContents (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lxi;ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/updateCraftingInventory (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lxi;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting/sendAllWindowProperties (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Container;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Lxi;Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerChest/getLowerChestInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory; e ()Log;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getStackInRowAndColumn (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; c (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getHeight ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getWidth ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCrafting/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerWorkbench/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerDispenser/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$1/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment$3/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/enchantItem (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Z a (Lwn;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/func_178148_a (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;II)Ljava/util/List; a (Lzx;II)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/detectAndSendChanges ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerEnchantment/getLapisAmount ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceFuel/isBucket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z c_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/detectAndSendChanges ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerFurnace/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotFurnaceOutput/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHopper/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$1/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory$2/canBeHovered ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerHorseInventory/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer$1/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/canMergeSlot (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/inventory/Slot;)Z a (Lzx;Lyg;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerPlayer/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/setGameType (Lnet/minecraft/world/WorldSettings$GameType;)V a (Ladp$a;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandDefaultGameMode/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/setCurrentRecipeIndex (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/inventoryResetNeededOnSlotChange (I)Z e (I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/resetRecipeAndSlots ()V h ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getCurrentRecipe ()Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe; i ()Lacz;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onCraftMatrixChanged (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;)V a (Log;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/canInteractWith (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onCraftGuiOpened (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/ICrafting;)V a (Lxn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/detectAndSendChanges ()V b ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/updateProgressBar (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/onContainerClosed (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/transferStackInSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lwn;I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/setCurrentRecipeIndex (I)V d (I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/ContainerMerchant/getMerchantInventory ()Lnet/minecraft/inventory/InventoryMerchant; e ()Lya;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/doTrade (Lnet/minecraft/village/MerchantRecipe;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lacz;Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotMerchantResult/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/setChestTileEntity (Lnet/minecraft/tileentity/TileEntityEnderChest;)V a (Lalf;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/loadInventoryFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList;)V a (Ldu;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryEnderChest/saveInventoryToNBT ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; h ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getStackInSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/decrStackSize (II)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (II)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/setInventorySlotContents (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (ILzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/isUseableByPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getField (I)I a_ (I)I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/removeStackFromSlot (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/setField (II)V b (II)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/isItemValidForSlot (ILnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (ILzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/openInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V b (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/closeInventory (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; e_ ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getDisplayName ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; f_ ()Leu;
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getFieldCount ()I g ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/clear ()V l ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/hasCustomName ()Z l_ ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getSizeInventory ()I o_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/markDirty ()V p_ ()V
net/minecraft/inventory/InventoryCraftResult/getInventoryStackLimit ()I q_ ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/SlotCrafting/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getSlotStackLimit ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/decrStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/isHere (Lnet/minecraft/inventory/IInventory;I)Z a (Log;I)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/canTakeStack (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Z a (Lwn;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onPickupFromSlot (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lwn;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/isItemValid (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V a (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onSlotChange (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V a (Lzx;Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/canBeHovered ()Z b ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getItemStackLimit (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getSlotTexture ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/putStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V d (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/getHasStack ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/inventory/Slot/onSlotChanged ()V f ()V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAnvilBlock/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$1/dispenseStack (Lnet/minecraft/dispenser/IBlockSource;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lck;Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getEnchantability ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getDurability (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getRepairItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; b ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getDamageReductionAmount (I)I b (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; values ()[Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I b (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/setColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)V b (Lzx;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/removeColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)V c (Lzx;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/access$000 ()[I d ()[I
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/hasColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmor/getArmorMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemArmor$ArmorMaterial; x_ ()Lyj$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand/applyRandomRotations (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityArmorStand;Ljava/util/Random;)V a (Lum;Ljava/util/Random;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemArmorStand/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemAxe/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; c ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBanner/getBaseColor (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; h (Lzx;)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBed/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/canPlaceBlockOnSide (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lwn;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setTileEntityNBT (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Ladm;Lwn;Lcj;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemBlock; b (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyo;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; c ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getBlock ()Lnet/minecraft/block/Block; d ()Lafh;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBlock/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemReed/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBoat/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBook/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemGlassBottle/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemBow/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemSoup/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/tryPlaceContainedLiquid (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemBucket/fillBucket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Lwn;Lzw;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemCarrotOnAStick/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemCoal/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase/createMapDataPacket (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/network/Packet; c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lff;
net/minecraft/item/ItemMapBase/isMap ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$1/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$10/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$11/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$12/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$2/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$3/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$4/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$5/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$5/getIconItemDamage ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$6/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$7/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$8/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs$9/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabIndex ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/hasRelevantEnchantmentType (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)Z a (Lacj;)Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setBackgroundImageName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/displayAllReleventItems (Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/addEnchantmentBooksToList (Ljava/util/List;[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)V a (Ljava/util/List;[Lacj;)V
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setRelevantEnchantmentTypes ([Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType;)Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; a ([Lacj;)Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabLabel ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTranslatedTabLabel ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getIconItemStack ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; d ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabIconItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getIconItemDamage ()I f ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getBackgroundImageName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/drawInForegroundOfTab ()Z h ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setNoTitle ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; i ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/shouldHidePlayerInventory ()Z j ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/setNoScrollbar ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; k ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getTabColumn ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/isTabInFirstRow ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs/getRelevantEnchantmentTypes ()[Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnumEnchantmentType; n ()[Lacj;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getRequiredPermissionLevel ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/processCommand (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;)V a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;)V
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/addTabCompletionOptions (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;[Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Ljava/util/List; a (Lm;[Ljava/lang/String;Lcj;)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/isUsernameIndex ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z b ([Ljava/lang/String;I)Z
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getCommandName ()Ljava/lang/String; c ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getCommandUsage (Lnet/minecraft/command/ICommandSender;)Ljava/lang/String; c (Lm;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/command/CommandEffect/getAllUsernames ()[Ljava/lang/String; d ()[Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getToolMaterial ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; g ()Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getToolMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; h ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; i ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemTool/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/placeDoor (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoor/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDoublePlant/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/byDyeDamage (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; a (I)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getDyeDamage ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; b (I)Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; d ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getMapColor ()Lnet/minecraft/block/material/MapColor; e ()Larn;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/getName ()Ljava/lang/String; l ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumDyeColor; values ()[Lzd;
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/spawnBonemealParticles (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;I)V a (Ladm;Lcj;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/applyBonemeal (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemDye/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemCloth/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEgg/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEmptyMap/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getAll (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Laci;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getEnchantedItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lacl;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRandom (Ljava/util/Random;III)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent; a (Ljava/util/Random;III)Lob;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/addEnchantment (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/EnchantmentData;)V a (Lzx;Lacl;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRandom (Ljava/util/Random;)Lnet/minecraft/util/WeightedRandomChestContent; b (Ljava/util/Random;)Lob;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; g (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnchantedBook/getEnchantments (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; h (Lzx;)Ldu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderEye/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemEnderPearl/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemExpBottle/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireball/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/addExplosionInfo (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Ldn;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/getExplosionTag (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase; a (Lzx;Ljava/lang/String;)Leb;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFireworkCharge/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFirework/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getMetadata ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/byMetadata (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; a (I)Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/byItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; a (Lzx;)Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; b ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUncookedHealAmount ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getUncookedSaturationModifier ()F d ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getCookedHealAmount ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/getCookedSaturationModifier ()F f ()F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/canCook ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood$FishType; values ()[Lzp$a;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getHealAmount (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I h (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getSaturationModifier (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F i (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishFood/getPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; j (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFishingRod/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFlintAndSteel/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/setPotionEffect (IIIF)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood; a (IIIF)Lzs;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/isWolfsFavoriteMeat ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/setAlwaysEdible ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemFood; h ()Lzs;
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getHealAmount (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I h (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/ItemFood/getSaturationModifier (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)F i (Lzx;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/onFoodEaten (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V c (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemAppleGold/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; g (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/createEntity (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;)Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityHanging; a (Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;)Lun;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHangingEntity/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/useHoe (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/block/state/IBlockState;)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lalz;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/getMaterialName ()Ljava/lang/String; g ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemHoe/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item$1/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$1/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$10/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$10/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$11/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$11/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$12/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$12/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$13/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$13/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$14/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$14/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$15/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$15/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$16/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$16/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$17/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$17/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$2/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$2/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$3/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$3/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$4/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$4/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$5/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$5/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$6/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$6/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$7/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$7/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$8/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$8/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$9/apply (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item$9/apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object; apply (Ljava/lang/Object;)Ljava/lang/Object;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getMaxUses ()I a ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getEfficiencyOnProperMaterial ()F b ()F
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getDamageVsEntity ()F c ()F
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getHarvestLevel ()I d ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getEnchantability ()I e ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/getRepairItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; f ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; valueOf (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial/values ()[Lnet/minecraft/item/Item$ToolMaterial; values ()[Lzw$a;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMetadata (I)I a (I)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItem (ILjava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (ILjava/lang/String;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItem (ILnet/minecraft/util/ResourceLocation;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (ILjy;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMovingObjectPositionFromPlayer (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)Lnet/minecraft/util/MovingObjectPosition; a (Ladm;Lwn;Z)Lauh;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemFromBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lafh;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItemBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (Lafh;Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/updateItemStackNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Z a (Ldn;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setCreativeTab (Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Lyz;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getSubItems (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs;Ljava/util/List;)V a (Lzw;Lyz;Ljava/util/List;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemStackDisplayName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; a (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getColorFromItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;I)I a (Lzx;I)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/onUpdate (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V a (Lzx;Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/Item/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V a (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lzx;Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/Item/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lpr;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/addInformation (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Ljava/util/List;Z)V a (Lzx;Lwn;Ljava/util/List;Z)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/itemInteractionForEntity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getIsRepairable (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setHasSubtypes (Z)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Z)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemEnchantability ()I b ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemById (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; b (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getIdFromItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)I b (Lzw;)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getCreativeTab ()Lnet/minecraft/creativetab/CreativeTabs; c ()Lyz;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setMaxStackSize (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItemBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)V c (Lafh;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/setUnlocalizedName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setContainerItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; c (Lzw;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/setMaxDamage (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; d (I)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getByNameOrId (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; d (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMaxItemUseDuration (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)I d (Lzx;)I
net/minecraft/item/Item/onCreated (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V d (Lzx;Ladm;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/Item/shouldRotateAroundWhenRendering ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setPotionEffect (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; e (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemUseAction (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; e (Lzx;)Laba;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedName (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; e_ (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/isMap ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/isItemTool (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z f_ (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getRarity (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; g (Lzx;)Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; i ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getItemStackLimit ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/getPotionEffect (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; j (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getHasSubtypes ()Z k ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getUnlocalizedNameInefficiently (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Ljava/lang/String; k (Lzx;)Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getMaxDamage ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/item/Item/isPotionIngredient (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z l (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/isDamageable ()Z m ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/setFull3D ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; n ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/getShareTag ()Z p ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/getContainerItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; q ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/Item/hasContainerItem ()Z r ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/canItemEditBlocks ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/item/Item/registerItems ()V t ()V
net/minecraft/item/Item/isFull3D ()Z w_ ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getRepairCost ()I A ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getAttributeModifiers ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap; B ()Lcom/google/common/collect/Multimap;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getChatComponent ()Lnet/minecraft/util/IChatComponent; C ()Leu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getUnlocalizedName ()Ljava/lang/String; a ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/splitStack (I)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (I)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/attemptDamageItem (ILjava/util/Random;)Z a (ILjava/util/Random;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/damageItem (ILnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)V a (ILpr;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/addEnchantment (Lnet/minecraft/enchantment/Enchantment;I)V a (Laci;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onBlockDestroyed (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Ladm;Lafh;Lcj;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/updateAnimation (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/Entity;IZ)V a (Ladm;Lpk;IZ)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/useItemRightClick (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onCrafting (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V a (Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getStrVsBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)F a (Lafh;)F
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/loadItemStackFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; a (Ldn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setTagInfo (Ljava/lang/String;Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTBase;)V a (Ljava/lang/String;Leb;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getSubCompound (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; a (Ljava/lang/String;Z)Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hitEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)V a (Lpr;Lwn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItemFrame (Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame;)V a (Luo;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/interactWithEntity (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/entity/EntityLivingBase;)Z a (Lwn;Lpr;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getTooltip (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Z)Ljava/util/List; a (Lwn;Z)Ljava/util/List;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItem (Lnet/minecraft/item/Item;)V a (Lzw;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemStackTagsEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z a (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItem ()Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; b ()Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setItemDamage (I)V b (I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onItemUseFinish (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Ladm;Lwn;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/onPlayerStoppedUsing (Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;I)V b (Ladm;Lwn;I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canHarvestBlock (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z b (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/writeToNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; b (Ldn;)Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/copyItemStack (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; b (Lzx;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemStacksEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z b (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxStackSize ()I c ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setRepairCost (I)V c (I)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canDestroy (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z c (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/readFromNBT (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V c (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setStackDisplayName (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; c (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getIsItemStackEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z c (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/areItemsEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z c (Lzx;Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isStackable ()Z d ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canPlaceOn (Lnet/minecraft/block/Block;)Z d (Lafh;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/setTagCompound (Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound;)V d (Ldn;)V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemStackEqual (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;)Z d (Lzx;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemStackDamageable ()Z e ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getHasSubtypes ()Z f ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemDamaged ()Z g ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemDamage ()I h ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMetadata ()I i ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxDamage ()I j ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/copy ()Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack; k ()Lzx;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getMaxItemUseDuration ()I l ()I
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemUseAction ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumAction; m ()Laba;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasTagCompound ()Z n ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getTagCompound ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagCompound; o ()Ldn;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getEnchantmentTagList ()Lnet/minecraft/nbt/NBTTagList; p ()Ldu;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getDisplayName ()Ljava/lang/String; q ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/clearCustomName ()V r ()V
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasDisplayName ()Z s ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/hasEffect ()Z t ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/toString ()Ljava/lang/String; toString ()Ljava/lang/String;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getRarity ()Lnet/minecraft/item/EnumRarity; u ()Laaj;
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEnchantable ()Z v ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isItemEnchanted ()Z w ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/canEditBlocks ()Z x ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/isOnItemFrame ()Z y ()Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemStack/getItemFrame ()Lnet/minecraft/entity/item/EntityItemFrame; z ()Luo;
net/minecraft/init/Items/getRegisteredItem (Ljava/lang/String;)Lnet/minecraft/item/Item; a (Ljava/lang/String;)Lzw;
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead/attachToFence (Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;)Z a (Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;)Z
net/minecraft/item/ItemLead/onItemUse (Lnet/minecraft/item/ItemStack;Lnet/minecraft/entity/player/EntityPlayer;Lnet/minecraft/world/World;Lnet/minecraft/util/BlockPos;Lnet/minecraft/util/EnumFacing;FFF)Z a (Lzx;Lwn;Ladm;Lcj;Lcq;FFF)Z
